Environmental Social Governance ReportHonor Device Co., Ltd. 13 16 2128 32 35Our climate actionInnovation in green productsInnovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Green operation, green experienceGreen partners, build a green business ecosystemEnvironmental Protection 01. Safeguard Our Shared PlanetContentsContents 38 43 43 4446 50Protect personal information during the whole lifecycleIntegrate privacy protection into product development process Provide users with a comprehensive privacy protection experience Build privacy and security ecosystem with stakeholdersResponsible AI governancePrivacy and Security 02. Your Privacy, Our Priority 54 68 71Bridge the digital divide by technology and create a better future Technology, leads a healthier lifeTechnology, discovers Magic Moments in lifeTech for Good 52 03. Talent Showcase 97 99 101 107 108109Diversified and fair development opportunities to attract more talents Various training, cultivation of people is cultivation of future Diverse care, living a colorful life at HONOROpen communication, actively listening to the voices of employees Employee-centered philanthropy, opening a window to the soul Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all timesEmployee Development 95 05. Compliance is the Cornerstone of Business Operations135 136Looking Forward Appendix01 062023 ESG Key Progress and Moments About Our ESG AI governance We have built a responsible AI governance framework in view of the AI lifecycle200 Million We have intercepted over 200 million pieces of fraudulent 01 2023 ESG Key Progress and Moments Environmental Protection Privacy and SecurityAcquired level B in CDP rating in 2023, above industry, regional and global averagesLevel B 128 mobile phones and tablets have been awarded the certification of China Quality Certification Center (CQC)128 Since 2016, Honor has cumulatively reduced around 4, 440 tonnes of hazardous substances and materials4, 440 Tonnes As of the end of 2023, we had recycled a total of 2, 185 tonnes of electronic waste2, 185 Tonnes In 2023, 100 compliant disposal of electronic waste100 85 processes on manufacturing lines were automated 85 In 2023, Honor photovoltaic power station was put into service, expected to provide 700, 000 kWh of clean electricity per year700, 000 kwh In 2023, the average electricity consumption per person in the office parks decreased by about 3 compared to 20223 We have established a standardized material recycling system to reduce logistics package material consumption. In 2023, the initiative helped reduce 3, 435 tonnes of carbon emission3, 435 Tonnes In 2023, Honor launched 2 sustainable financing plans to facilitate ESG work2In 2023, we began to adopt clean energy, with a 8 usage ratio in the first year8 In 2023, we reduced and avoided approximately 876 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions through green product initiatives876 Tonnes Certification on privacy protection and securityInnovative privacy functions We have launched a variety of terminal privacy functions and services, including Parallel Space, Privacy Moment, and Privacy Assistan60 We have led or participated in the formulation of over 60 released or approved standards on privacy and security TAI-U model We have established the TAI-U model based on privacy awareness and user journey and integrated AI governance into our business operationsWe have newly obtained a series of authoritative certifications such as ISO IEC 27701, ePrivacyseal, PCI DSS, TEE, FIDO, UPDSS, and Double List certification for mobile internet AppsHONOR ESG Report 2023 02 Tech for Good Youth Empowerment As of the end of 2023, ScreenReader benefited over 3, 400, 000 users3, 400, 000 In 2023, Select-to-Speak benefited over 200, 000 people each month200, 000 As of the end of 2023, Call Subtitles benefited over 140, 000 people each month140, 000 As of the end of 2023, AI Subtitles benefited over 800, 000 people each month800, 000 In 2023, we engaged in face-to-face interactions with nearly 520 hearing-impaired users to promote information accessibility. In 2023, we completed and implemented elderly-friendly projects, and HONOR Magic and X series was certified as elderly-friendly. In 2023, HONOR Magic Moments mobile photography project received a total of 500, 000 global submissions500, 000 In 2023, HONOR actively participated in the creation and promotion of six industry standards focused on the protection of minors6 Over the next three years, HONOR will invest over 1 billion yuan in research and development, particularly advancing into the relatively unexplored field of eye protection research1 billion In 2023, Remote Caretaking benefited over 20, 000 people each month20, 000In 2023, Color Correction benefit benefited over 590, 000 people each month590, 000 As of the end of 2023, Call Subtitles benefited over 140, 000 people each month470, 000 25, 000 5, 300 HONOR Tech Innovation Awards attracted over 150 universities nationwide participated by more than 5, 300 students in 20231, 000 HONOR Talents Developer Awards attracted 1, 000 developers 219 The 1st HONOR Talents Original Music Awards in 2023 received 219 pieces of original music compositions worldwideHONOR Talents Global Design Awards received 25, 000 submissions, covering 240 universities in 40 countriesHONOR ESG Report 2023 MostIn Most Attractive Employers Award 14, 600 We provided more than 14, 600 training courses for employees51 In 2023, employees received an average of over 51 hours of trainingHONOR won several awards such as 2023 MostIn Most Attractive Employers Award 10 30, 000 We organized 150 cultural and sports activities, attracting 30, 000 people to participate in500 In 2023, 500 HONOR employees joined as first aid volunteersWe offered employees the opportunity to change professions among 10 talent areas and for job allocation worldwide 300 0 We achieved EHS targets, such as no serious injuries and fatal workplace accidents, no occupational diseases, and no environmental pollution accidents100 We created a workplace emergency response system of 100 qualification of workplace security guards, 100 coverage of automated external defibrillators (AEDs) in the workplace, and 100 implementation of monthly first aid drills We conducted 300 sessions of EHS training for R&D laboratories across China03 Employee Development Supplier CSR Responsible Governance 13 21, 000 We applied over 21, 000 patents worldwide9, 700 Over 9, 700 patents were granted worldwide We provided 13 compliance campaigns for employees 300 100 We conducted risk assessment of 100 of major suppliers450 Over 450 supply chain employees participated in empowerment trainingThe supply chain survey covered over 300 smelters and refiners. We shared the results of mineral supply chain due diligence management with stakeholders 260, 000 100 The greenhouse gas survey covered over 100 suppliersOn-site assessment covered over 260, 000 industry chain employeesHONOR ESG Report 2023 Jan Launched the preparation of the first ESG report to improve transparency of the Company's ESG governance Mar Launched the Call Subtitles feature, enabling offline voice-to-text conversion to helping the hearing impaired answer calls Hosted the HONOR Talents Global Design Competition Art Exhibition with the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) Investment and Technology Promotion Office (ITPO) (Beijing, China) Participated in the Promoting the Digital Economy forum at the Boao Forum for Asia Annual Conference 2023 and delivered a speech to share HONOR s innovative achievements in promoting digital economic development and digital convergence May Participated in the Forum on Urban Biodiversity and Sustainable Development, sharing HONOR s ecological activities across the country Participated in the 2023 Technology Accessibility Development Conference and delivered a keynote speech on Warm Technology Our case study on information accessibility was included in the 2023 Case Compilation on Information Accessibility Conducted offline accessibility exchange under the theme of Tech for Good Exploring HONOR first in BeijingApr Released the first ESG report, committing to achieve carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality in our own operations by 2045 Established a dedicated ESG Office to ensure the structured execution of ESG work at the organizational levelFeb Participated in the first session of United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) SDG Innovation Accelerator for Young Professionals Our green practice was included in the White Paper on Promoting Global Development Initiative to Accelerate the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development Corporate Carbon Neutrality Targets, Action and Global Collaboration issued by the UNGC in partnership with BCG Jun Participated in the Developing Circular Economy and Promoting Sustainable Development of Enterprises and Paulson Prize for Sustainability Exchange Participated in EcoVadis assessment and won the bronze medal Jul Participated in the main forum Openness, Inclusiveness, Collaboration and Sharing, and Promoting Practical Cooperation in Emerging Industries at the China-ASEAN Forum on Emerging Industries and delivered a speech, highlighting HONOR s commitment to giving back to society and improving ESG management with digital technology Participated in the 2023 World Conference on Artificial Intelligence and delivered a speech with the theme of End-side Platform-level AI, Creating Health and Fitness Solutions Tailored to YouHONOR ESG Report 2023 04 HONOR ESG Report 2023 05 Oct Participated in the 2023 Global Technology Conference, sharing HONOR s commitments and actions in terms of sustainable development and ESG Joined the UNGC s Forward Faster initiative and participated in the roundtable forum during UN Assistant Secretary-General s visit to China to discuss sustainable business development Green practice was selected as the excellent case in the Fourth Industrial Revolution and Digital Transformation - the Fourth Industrial Revolution Alliance Progress ReportDec Won the Collaboration Award of AmCham Shanghai 2023 CSR Awards Included in the Bloomberg Green ESG 50 Companies to Watch ListAug Participated in the UNGC 2023 Sustainable Development Conference in Mexico and gave a speech at the workshop on Impact Alliances for the SDGs The relevance of Business sustainability towards the future, elaborating on HONOR s practices in ESG aspects and HONOR s goal of achieving carbon neutral operations by 2045 Participated in the 2023 Shenzhen International Consumer Electronics Exhibition and delivered a speech, highlighting HONOR s dedication to bridging the digital divide by technology and building an intelligent world for everyone Participated in the second session of UNGC Climate Ambition Accelerator Program Sep Participated in the China International Fair for Trade in Services, and delivered a keynote speech on AI Empowerment for Sustainable Investment and Development in the AI and Sustainable Investment Forum, highlighting HONOR s commitment to open cooperation with global partners in building a AI ecosystem Participated in the World 5G Conference in Mexico and made a speech at the opening ceremony, and discussed environmental issues including marine plastic reduction and marine biodiversity with Mexican designers Our Tech for Good Exploring HONOR initiative held an information accessibility event at Taiyuan Store, themed Where There is Love, There are no Barriers HONOR s Tech for good project was included in the 2023 Fortune China Best Design List Obtained the first sustainability-linked loan issued by Industrial BankNov Participated in the Global Development Initiative Digital Cooperation Forum at the 2023 World Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit and delivered a keynote speech, sharing HONOR s innovative practices and development achievements Participated in the 2023 China Circular Economy Development Forum Held HONOR Talents Art Exhibition in MexicoAwarded the Excellent Cases of High-Quality Development of Green Finance in 2023 by the Shenzhen Green Finance Association About Our ESG06 HONOR ESG Report 2023 07 ESG Leadership Implement green transition to achieve sustainable development In the face of rapid technological advancements, we still face the challenge of global climate change. As a responsible corporate citizen, HONOR actively shoulders its social responsibility. In these ways, we aim to lead by example in fulfilling our commitment to sustainable development and demonstrate our corporate responsibility. Bridge the digital divide via innovative technology to benefit the wider community At HONOR, our drive for technological breakthroughs and innovation is matched by our commitment to using the power of technology to bridge the digital divide, enabling equal access for everyone to share the benefits of technological development and enjoy the convenience brought by digital life. Features like Screen Reader, color correction, and magnification gesture offer the visually impaired users a more accessible digital experience, bringing light to their limited sight. We have developed innovative features such as on-device AI subtitles and call subtitles in the industry. The people with hearing impairments are very excited about these features, since these features help eliminate their sense of isolation without internet access. Throughout the journey, our actions have been guided by our core capabilities and strategic product planning, especially in implementing our ESG initiatives. These efforts have led to significant progress and recognition from our stakeholders. While achieving business growth, we enable more people to benefit from our products and services, thus co-creating a sustainable future for all. In the industrial chains, we pay attention to the working and living conditions of employees. Upholding the core values of customer focus, hard work and dedication, we provide competitive remuneration and sound employee welfare plans. With technology as our foundation and innovation as our beacon, we embrace our responsibilities while striving to forge a splendid future. With a focus on a new round of technological innovation, we invest heavily in bolstering our R&D capabilities, aiming to surpass our limits and improve product quality. At present, we have more than 13, 000 employees worldwide, of which the R&D team accounts for more than 60. With more than 45, 000 HONOR experience stores and counters across the globe, we have established a extensive channel, and retail and service network, enabling 200 million users worldwide to enjoy the benefits brought about by digital progress. Innovation HONOR continues to invest in innovative products, R&D and forward-looking technologies. Our R&D investment intensity ranked among the top six in the 2022 Top 500 Chinese Enterprises list. At present, our R&D team has more than 8, 000 people worldwide, with over 300 patents filed each month. High quality We have put in place stringent quality control standards for all processes, covering product design, purchase, R&D, and manufac-turing. Our Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park, which integrates R&D, trial production, mass production and testing, strives for zero defects and offer high-quality and innovative products and experiences to consumers. At present, 85 of the processes in our production line is automated, and over 60 of the automation equipment is developed in-house. Service We continue to provide users with warm, professional and high-quality services. We are committed to continuously optimizing our service system, and provide various online and offline service channels, so that each of our users can quickly access official services. HONOR Support and My HONOR app provide users with up-to-date service information and usage skills. A variety of activities are launched at the official authorized service center to thank our users. Under the guidance of the ESG Committee, we have also established an ESG Office and an ESG Working Group, whose members are from various departments such as R&D, Production, Procurement, and Supply Chain Management. Their job is to integrate the ESG strategy into the business process and carry out ESG work step by step to achieve the sustainable development goal of the Company In both the first and second half of 2023, we organized two ESG Committee meetings to discuss the ESG planning and current progress. The ESG Committee clearly proposes the carbon neutrality targets and relevant requirements. This session was to review the interim progress of key work and discuss the difficulties and pain points in related work. ESG Management Structure Supervision and guidance Coordination and communication ESG Strategic DirectionsESG Committee ESG OfficeHONOR ESG Report 2023 Environmental Privacy Tech For GoodYouth EmpowermentEmployee DevelopmentSupplier CSRResponsible Governance Goal Setting Execution Plan Plan and improvement ESG Information disclosure 11 Stakeholder Engagement and Communication Stakeholders expectations & our responseStakeholder engagement is an important part of our ESG promotion. Stakeholders Governments and regulators Investors and shareholders Customers Employees Suppliers and business partners Industry associations CommunityStakeholders expectations Communication and response Abide by laws and regulations Respond to national policies Compliant business Business planning and growth High-quality products and services User privacy protection Business integrity Career development Benefits and salary Care about employees Healthy and safe working environment Win-win cooperation Fairness and openness Abide by the code of conduct Promote industry development Fair competition Community building Talent cultivation Care about special groups Participate in industrial seminars Empower partners with innovative technologies Resist unfair competition Provide local job opportunities Organize competitions for youth Provide accessible products and services Improve supplier management system Build communication platforms for suppliers Improve product and service quality Establish a sound privacy protection system Improve complaint handling procedure Organize training and improve promotion mechanism Improve salary and welfare system Conduct various activities Consolidate EHS management system Improve Company s compliance system Regularly communicate with shareholders Cooperate with regulators for inspection Implement government requirementsHONOR ESG Report 2023 12 Material Issues We attach great importance to the identification, analysis and management of material issues. We conducted an online questionnaire on the material issues, covering customers, shareholders, consumers, employees, suppliers, partners, industry associations, the public and other stakeholders. A total of 171 responses were received. Impact on stakeholders Impact on HONORHigh High Low Data security & privacy protection Employees rights and interests protection Information accessibility Consumer services Responsible procurementof raw materials Response to climate change Sustainable supply chain Corporate governance Electronic waste recycling Occupational healthand security Diversity and inclusiveness Employee communication and engagement Community engagementand contribution Industrial cooperation and development Employee communication and participation Green operation Youth empowerment Product safety and quality Product R&D innovation Business ethics and complianceHONOR ESG Report 2023 13 Environmental Protection Safeguard Our Shared Planet SDGs in this chapter HONOR ESG Report 2023 Highlights 8 In 2023, we began to adopt clean energy, with a 8 usage ratio in the first year876 Tonnes In 2023, we reduced and avoided approximately 876 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions through green product initiativesAcquired level B in CDP rating in 2023, above industry, regional and global averagesAwarded Ecovadis Bronze Medal rating results in 2023 128 Products 128 mobile phone products have been awarded the certification of China Quality Certification Center (CQC) 4, 440 Tonnes 2, 185 Tonnes As of the end of 2023, we had recycled a total of 2, 185 tonnes of electronic waste100 In 2023, 100 electronic waste was compliant disposal2045 Achieving carbon neutrality in ouroperation. Level B Bronze Medal The automation in manufacturing lines has reached 85 Since 2016, Honor has cumulatively reduced around 4, 440 tonnes of hazardous substances and materials14 Environmental Protection 85 3, 435 Tonnes We have established a standardized material recycling system to reduce logistics package m aterial consumption. In 2023, the initiative helped to reduce 3, 435 tonnes of carbon emission700, 000 kwh In 2023, Honor photovoltaic power station put into service, expected to provide 700, 000 kWh of clean electricity per year Green Factory 3 In 2023, the average electricity consumption per person in the office parks decreased about 3 compared to 20222 In 2023, Honor launched 2 sustainable financing plans to facilitate ESG workIn 2023, Shenzhen Honor Smart Machine Co., Ltd. was selected as a green factory by the Ministry of Industry and Information TechnologyHONOR ESG Report 2023 15 Innovative processes Environmentally friendly packaging design Durable productsSafe products Responsible e-waste recycling Green logisticGreen factory Warehouse designGreen office parkCommitment to achieving carbon peaking and carbonneutrality at the operational leve Green serviceGreen initiativesIndustry chain Partners Green finance HONOR ESG Report 2023 Our Environmental StrategiesGreen Product Green Manufacturing Green OperationGreen Partners As the impact of climate change increases globally, governments, organizations, and enterprises are actively responding to it and exploring effective climate strategies. In respond to the national carbon peaking and carbon neutrality strategy, enterprises in China have gradually shifted to a sustainable development model that takes into account both the environment and society. In Europe, with the conclusion of the European Green Deal, various enterprises have undertaken a green transition, driving the development of a low-carbon economy in EU. As a responsible corporate citizen, HONOR actively shoulders its social responsibility. The Executive Management Team (EMT) is responsible for supervision to ensure alignment between our climate strategies and sustainable development direction. The ESG Committee is responsible for formulating climate-related plans, implementing solutions, and conducting supervisory reviews. Timely identification and rectification of issues are undertaken to comprehensively enhance our ability to address climate risks. Strategy Based on the TCFD framework, we identify and evaluate the climate risks and opportunities associated with our business, formulate strategic plans to address climate change, and drive the implementation of multiple measures to mitigate the adverse impacts of climate risks on our operations. In 2023, we identified 9 significant climate change risks and opportunities resulting from the potential impact of climate change on our business operations and developed targeted response plans. Through comprehensive analysis and calculations, HONOR has established clear climate strategic goals to achieve carbon peak by 2030 and operational carbon neutrality by 2045, and has set specific milestones and specified four key pillars, namely green products, green operation, green manufacturing, and green partners. Our climate action16 HONOR ESG Report 2023 As China commits to achieving the 3060 carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals and other governments worldwide set carbon neutrality targets, policies and laws related to green development have been introduced in various regions. These measures place increasingly stringent requirements on the green transition of enterprises across the entire industry chain, including energy conservation, emission reduction, and restrictions on the use of plastics, which may lead to increased production and operational costs. Regulators have issued increasingly comprehensive strict and demanding guidelines on climate change-related disclosure. Enterprises must improve their management of carbon emissions data and disclosure capabilities, possibly leading to increased operational costs. Enterprises need to promote the development of new clean energy technologies, optimize product design, and create green products that combine user experience with environmental benefits to seize a first-mover advantage in the market. However, the transition to new technologies may increase the investment on R&D. Enterprises that can meet consumers' demand for environmentally friendly products will be able to seize the market more quickly. Conducted carbon inventory covering Scope 1, 2, and 3 since 2022 and obtained the ISO 14064 certification on greenhouse gas management system. Transition risks Category Policy andregulation Technology MarketLow-carbon technologyinnovation Green consumption behaviorLow-carbon economy transition policy Climate disclosuresName Description Countermeasures 17 HONOR ESG Report 2023 The frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heavy rain, flooding, hurricanes, etc., continue to increase, which may cause temporary disruptions to the operations of stores and factory production, leading to revenue losses. As the global greenhouse effect intensifies, the average temperatures in summer are rising year by year. Physical risks Acute risk Chronic riskExtremeweather Climate warming As the industrial upgrade progresses towards intelligence and the development of intelligent logistics systems has become increasingly sophisticated, enterprises can optimize cargo transportation routes through digital means, thereby enhancing logistics efficiency. Meanwhile, the promotion of carbon-neutral policies and technological innovations has led to the widespread adoption of new energy vehicles, resulting in a significant reduction in carbon emissions during transportation. Governments around the world have introduced a series of policies to promote the development of the circular economy. Recycling, disassembly, and reutilization of products can enhance the efficiency of resource utilization, potentially reducing procurement costs and the demand for natural resources. Opportunities Resource efficiencyProduct distribution and transportation Product recycling Category Name Description Countermeasures Category Name Description Countermeasures18 HONOR ESG Report 2023 19 Risk management We incorporate climate risk into our risk assessment and management system by formulating internal regulations such as the ESG Risk Management Manual and the Procedures for Identifying and Evaluating Climate Change Risks and Opportunities. These policies are designed to provide guidance for the identification, assessment, and response to climate risks. In compliance with guidance on climate risks, including the Guidance on Risk Management Integration and Disclosure of the TCFD, we conduct preliminary identification of climate risks with substantial impacts on our business through macro trend analysis, stakeholder engagement, peer benchmarking, and business evaluations. Risk identification Various climate risks are ranked based on various factors, such as the potential impact on the Company's reputation, financial implications, likelihood of occurrence, and speed of risk propagation. Risk assessment Integrate climate risks into our risk management system, develop and implement risk response strategies and countermeasures, regularly evaluate the effectiveness of risk response actions, and propose improvement plans when necessary. Risk management HONOR climate risk management processHONOR ESG Report 2023 As public awareness of green environmental protection continues to rise, the innovative product development in green environmental protection is advantageous in gaining favor with consumers. This involves optimizing packaging design to reduce material usage, substituting recyclable materials, and utilizing soy ink printing to provide visually appealing, reliable, and environmentally friendly packaging solutions. Product and serviceGreen product development Category Description Countermeasures Name 20 Metrics and targets In April 2023, HONOR released its first ESG report and officially launched the carbon neutrality plan. In 2023, we gradually increased the use of clean energy in our operation, resulting in a total usage of over ten million kWh of clean energy and a gradual increase in the usage ratio to 8. Every step counts towards covering a thousand miles. Green OperationGreen ProductGreen ManufacturingGreen PartnersHONOR ESG Report 2023 Electricity consumption of workplace(kWh)Average electricity consumption per userUsage of clean energy (kWh) People Year HONOR consistently upholds the principle of producing greener and more environmentally sustainable products, aiming to enhance user experience while reducing the negative impact on the environment. In 2023, through technological innovation, we have cumulatively reduced and avoided approximately 876 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions 1. This reduction was achieved in the stages of product research and design, material selection and usage, durability improvement, and product efficiency enhancement. These efforts have significantly contributed to the achievement of our carbon neutrality goals. The team explores possibilities for green product upgrades in all aspects, such as e product performance and production materials. As of the end of 2023, 128 models of mobile phones and laptops had obtained certification on environmental protection from the China Quality Certification Center (CQC). In 2023, 5 models of laptops obtained the China Environmental Labeling Certification and Energy Conservation Certification. In 2023, we shared information with all stakeholders by publishing 18 reports on product environmental KPIs on the HONOR official website. In practice, we have first adopted the lightweight and attractive packaging designs. Innovation for greener packaging1 Smaller package Responsible use of plastics After optimization, the volume of the HONOR X8a packaging box in the European market decreases by 51 compared to products shipped to other regions, and the weight decreases by 31. This measure is equivalent to reducing 222. 3 tonnes of carbon emissions. For laptop product packaging, we adopt a more integrated and streamlined all-paper folding packaging solution that eliminates the use of carton boxes. Products are directly shipped on pallets to ensure safe transportation while reducing paper usage. This measure is equivalent to reducing 341 tonnes of carbon emissions. In order to prevent environmental pollution, we strive to reduce the use of single-use plastics in the packaging. Currently, the rate of plastic reduction in the packaging for our products in the European market has increased from 95 to 98. In 2023, we initiated and completed the reliability verification of recycled plastics, achieving mass production utilization of this recycled material in phone series including the HONOR Magic V2 and HONOR X8b. This measure is equivalent to reducing 35. 5 tonnes of carbon emissions. We have replaced the original PET anti-tamper labels with biodegradable high-density fiber labels, which are made from high-strength virgin fibers arranged in an oriented manner. This more environmentally friendly approach ensures material durability and effectively resists the risk of tearing during box packaging. The bare device protection for HONOR X8a in the European market has transitioned from PE bags to recyclable copperplate paper label film. The emission factors of color boxes, packaging materials, printed paper, plastics and inks in this chapter derive from Ecoinvent database in Simapro. The color box packaging and product manuals of our products are printed with soy ink, which can not only reduce the harm to human health and the consumption of petroleum resources, but also facilitate the recycling of packaging materials. In 2023, we replaced traditional ink printing with soy ink printing, leading to an estimated annual reduction of around 12. 7 tonnes of carbon emissions. Eco-friendly printing materials We have established professional reliability labs to simulate the use scenarios of mobile phones and test the reliability of the devices and components with strict standards to ensure that our products adapt to various extreme weathers or abnormal scenarios. For tablets and laptops, we conduct durability performance tests that surpass industry standards. These tests involve simulating various dimensions such as interface durability, key durability, hinge durability, high humidity and high temperature resistance, salt and fog resistance, dust resistance, bending, and drop tests. In the design stage, we adopt structural modular design and use parts with uniform specifications to facilitate later maintenance and replacement. During the product usage phase, we provide users with efficient and reliable after-sales service. At present, we have provided one-stop maintenance services in our service stores around the world, so that users can access high-quality maintenance service easily when they need it. Engineers can remotely communicate with users via text, audio, or video to quickly diagnose device issues. If further professional repair is required, we offer a door-to-door pickup service, providing users with a one-stop repair solution without leaving their house. In 2023, over 60, 000 users utilized this service to address their issues. HONOR's online repair serviceHONOR's online repair service Customized diagnostics by professional engineers HONOR ESG Report 2023 Durable products can not only improve the user experience and minimize unnecessary product replacements, but also effectively reduce the waste of resources and environmental impact. In addition to conventional product reliability testing, we innovate in the design of durability features such as drop resistance, heat dissipation, and folding, to extend the product lifespan as much as possible. Innovation for enhanced durability Screen damage is one of the main reasons for replacing phones. HONOR strives for ultimate durability in drop resistance. The screen of the HONOR Magic V2 is made from second-generation nano-crystalline glass, providing 10 times the shock resistance of regular glass. Meanwhile, the HONOR X50 features a ten-sided anti-fall curved screen with 360-degree drop resistance, making it the first mobile phone globally to receive Swiss SGS five-star anti-drop standard certification. The hinge performance of foldable screen products determines their lifespan. We have self-developed the HONOR Super-light Titanium Hinge, which optimizes structural design and upgrades to a more reliable titanium alloy material. This has increased the axle cap strength by 150 and supports over 400 thousand screen folds, greatly enhancing the durability of foldable screen products. For example, in 2023, we introduced the HONOR Ultra-thin Bionic Cooling System for the newly launched Magic V2 series. The system increases the overall heat dissipation area to 29, 000 mm 2, which is 12. 5 larger than the Magic Vs series launched in 2022. This effectively optimizes the phone's cooling performance and reduces potential damage to the screen and battery caused by overheating, making the product more durable. In terms of materials usage, HONOR has continued to make innovation. For instance, we have successfully developed and implemented a new gold-plating substitution process, which reduces the amount of gold used in the Printed Circuit Board (PCB) by approximately 30, contributing to a reduction in the extraction of rare metal resources. This initiative can lead to a reduction of 221. 7 tonnes of carbon emissions. Meanwhile, in the development and design of foldable screens, HONOR has achieved ground-breaking advancements. With the advancement of screen and hinge technologies, foldable screens will continue to make mobile phones lighter and thinner. This marks the first time that the thickness of mobile phones is reduced to less than 1cm. We customize each component for thinness, and produce ultra-thin foldable hinges, foldable screens, VC cooling systems, Type-C interface modules, and fingerprint recognition to achieve breakthrough designs for individual systems and functional modules. Moreover, through systematic architectural design, the weight of the Magic V2 has been reduced to 231g, even lighter than certain conventional bar phones, leading to a considerable decrease in raw material consumption. HONOR has successfully launched the Qinghai Lake battery. This battery employs the new silicon-carbon anode technology, redesigned power supply chain, and intelligent battery management algorithms to deliver a higher energy density and longer usage time in low-voltage conditions for mobiles phones, all within the same volume. For software, we adopt the intelligent energy-saving technology to adjust the state of mobile phone applications based on user habits and scenarios to improve product energy efficiency. These efforts have contributed to the overall enhancement of the product's energy efficiency, optimization of user experience, and increase of environmental benefits. Innovation for higher efficiency of energy and material usage in products HONOR insists on treating quality and safety as the lifeline of its products, and continues to enhance product safety management capabilities to provide users with safe and high-quality products. The safety and compliance protection network ensures that our existing products meet regulatory safety standards and allows us to swiftly formulate response plans for upcoming safety standards and optimize product design schemes. HONOR strictly controls the use of hazardous chemical substances in our products. At the design stage, we consider the potential involvement of hazardous chemical substances throughout the product's whole life cycle. The updated list includes additional restricted substances such as UV-3287 and DCRP8, enforcing strict control over the chemical substances used in our products. Innovation for safer products Actively participate in the formulation of relevant product safety standards by industry and regulators, such as GB31241-2202, to contribute to the development of industry safety standards. Third layer Product safety testing Implement standardized sampling inspections on mass-produced critical components to ensure that each batch meets safety and compliance requirements. Fourth layer Sampling inspection on product safetyIntegrate safety design reviews into the product design and development phase, strictly control key components such as batteries, shells and screens to ensure compliance with regulatory safety standards. Second layer Safety design reviewHONOR ESG Report 2023 We have established and continuously improved the hazardous substance management system. This system ensures that our products comply with domestic and international regulations on hazardous substances. HONOR has independently developed a chemical hazard risk assessment method for chemicals not restricted by regulations. The method classifies and controls chemicals according to their hazard levels, and has identified the first batch of chemicals that need to be banned during the production process. In The future, we plan to update our chemical restriction details every year based on the hazard levels and exposure risks of substances. In addition, we actively collaborate with suppliers to identify restricted substances during the product manufacturing process and use new materials for effective substitution. For instance, we have cooperated with multiple material suppliers to test dozens of different raw materials. We now have achieved halogen-free power cables for all mobile phones and tablets, which greatly reduces the negative impact on the environment. As smart wearable devices can touch people's skin for a long time, we also attach great importance to the research and control of allergenic substances. As of the end of 2023, we had completed more than 121 toxicological tests on materials used in products that often touch skin. tonnes Since 2016, HONOR has reduced the use of hazardous substances and materials by approximately 4, 440 tonnesHONOR ESG Report 2023 According to statistical data from Statista, over 50 million tonnes of electronic waste are generated globally every year. As a responsible enterprise, we set out to develop a practical and effective product program to reduce the negative impact of electronic waste on environment and explore possibilities for reusing waste materials to promote the development of a circular economy. As of the end of 2023, we had recycled a total of 2, 185 tonnes of electronic waste. We have released materials about our Trade-in program on HONOR Talks, and organized offline training sessions at various service stores, aiming to share with users the value of recycling electronic products and to encourage their participation in our recycling initiative. We have upgraded the HONOR Trade-in program on our official website to provide users with a more optimized one-stop mobile phone recycling service. Our service coverage has been expanded, and the recycling process has been streamlined, leading to a threefold increase in efficiency. We carefully disassemble and sort the recycled waste products to identify the value of materials and components for reuse. For example, certain adapters are utilized for manufacturing testing. For components with no value, we have set up a special supplier certification working group to ensure that suppliers dispose of waste in compliance with regulations and minimize potential environmental pollution. We have launched recycling and disposal systems across our global markets, including China, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and other regions. This ensures the compliant disposal of product waste and explores the potential for resource recycling. Recycle and dispose of products in a responsible way 2, 185 tonnes As of the end of 2023, our recycled electronic waste had reached 2, 185 tonnes 100 100 electronic waste was compliant disposal in 2023HONOR ESG Report 2023 Manufacturing is the most important stage in the product life cycle in terms of carbon emission. It obtained domestic and international certifications for green management systems, including ISO 14001 Environmental Management System, ISO 50001 Energy Management System, and the Shenzhen Voluntary Clean Production certification. We have equipped the HONOR Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park with advanced high-precision automated manufacturing equipment and a digital control platform., effectively promoting the development of green and intelligent factories. At present, 85 of our production line is automated, greatly improving production efficiency. A green production model featuring high efficiency, high quality and low emissions has been implemented. Besides committing to the intelligent upgrading of the manufacturing process, we have also strengthened our ability for energy management. We have launched and continuously optimized the energy management system, air compressor group control system and other intelligent platforms to monitor the consumption of electricity, water and gas in the production park in real time, conduct statistical analysis on the energy consumption of equipment, formulate reasonable evaluation indexes of energy consumption, regulate the operating parameters of equipment, reasonably improving the level of energy efficiency of the production by scientific means. We have implemented an energy management system at the HONOR Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park in Shenzhen. The system achieves electrical energy measurement, monitoring, and abnormality warnings for parks, buildings, floors, production lines, and major energy-consuming equipment. When energy consumption deviates abnormally, the system automatically sends information to the energy-saving manager to ensure timely follow-up of the anomalies by a dedicated person. In 2023, we issued alerts over 100 times and followed up on them to address abnormal situations, greatly reducing unnecessary energy consumption in daily production. Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards28 Green manufacturing Energy management optimization85 The automation in manufacturing lines has reached 85 HONOR ESG Report 2023 29 We have implemented a heat recycling system for the air compressor. The heat generated during the operation of the air compressor is extracted, transferred to the heat exchanger, and then used to raise the production water temperature to the level required for the production process through the plate heat exchanger. This approach reduces the energy consumption required for heating the water and saves 300 thousand kWh of electricity every year. Recycling heat from air compressors We have selected efficient and energy-saving production equipment, such as high-speed placement machines, dispensers, and printers. Optimizing production equipment To realize the goal of carbon neutrality, HONOR has actively pursued opportunities to utilize clean energy and achieved significant breakthroughs in 2023. In addition, we have purchased 10, 000 international green power certificates to reduce our operational carbon emissions. Upon arrival at the factory, standardized materials are transported to the production line using smart logistics technology. This reduces the risk of material damage or waste caused by manual unpacking, sorting, and handling. In 2023, the reusable raw materials used in the standard container packaging contribute to the saving of approximately 500 thousand cardboard boxes. This enhances the durability and support of the dividers, enabling their reuse and recycling. In 2023, a total of 6, 000 dividers were recycled and reused. Recycling of cardboard box dividers We strictly abide by national environmental protection laws and regulations and dispose of various waste in a timely and effective manner. For hazardous wastes, we hand them over to third-party organizations with professional qualifications for disposal in accordance with laws and regulations. For general industrial wastes, we follow the 3R principle to minimize emissions. In 2023, HONNOR has no record of discharge misconduct, and was included in the positive examples for corporates during the ecological and environmental law enforcement in Shenzhen. Compliant DischargeOptimizing resource utilization efficiency HONOR pays close attention to greenhouse gas emissions generated during warehousing and logistics transportation. We are committed to creating a green and low-carbon warehousing and logistics system based on innovative technologies and circular economy principles. In our warehouses, we actively promote the following green practices Use 100 electric forklifts to reduce carbon emissions due to diesel consumption. In 2023, we recycled approximately 43, 200 pallets, 578, 000 intermediate bulk containers, 60, 000 packaging boxes, 120, 000 air cushion bags, and 600, 000 waterproof bags. Through resale, sharing, and reuse, pallets are reused and the efficiency of resource utilization has been improved. Green logistics HONOR ESG Report 2023 To achieve carbon neutrality in operations by 2045, we uphold the principles of energy conservation and environmental protection, continuously improve our energy management system, and integrate the concept of green and low-carbon into our business operations. In 2023, the global headquarters of HONOR obtained the ISO50001 Energy Management System certification We implement green operations in all parks, enforcing an inspection strategy to ensure the shutdown of air conditioning, computers, lights, and the closing of doors and windows to avoid energy waste. In offices and stores where circumstances allow, we deploy energy management systems to monitor and identify potential energy-saving opportunities, and promptly implement corrective measures to enhance energy usage efficiency. In 2023, the average electricity consumption per person in the office parks decreased about 3 compared to 2022. We are committed to promoting the clean energy transition of our vehicle fleet. Electric buses account for 52 of all commuting buses and shuttle buses nationwide. HONOR Beijing office at Vanke Lake International has obtained the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold certification. Our Shenzhen office at New Generation Industrial Park has obtained the two-star green building design certification. In our daily operations, we have achieved fully automated and paperless workflows by continuously improving the development of office platforms such as HONOR E, which allows us to enhance work efficiency and reduce resource consumption. In 2023, the paperless office system helped us reduce paper consumption by approximately 2. 75 tonnes, which is equivalent to reducing 4. 88 tonnes of carbon emissions 1. This platform facilitates cross-departmental resource reuse and enhances resource utilization efficiency. In 2023, a total of 2, 420 pieces of equipment were allocated through this platform, saving our procurement expense. Employees were invited to participate in fun activities focused on energy conservation and emissions reduction, including DIY graffiti, knowledge quizzes, plant care, and waste sorting. For our street-facing retail stores, we incorporate adjustable translucent fabric curtains to increase the intake of natural light and reduce energy consumption. For instance, the second-floor facade of the Fuzhou flagship store features 185m 2 of translucent windows. In 2023, the power consumption of the Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) system on the second floor of this store decreased by approximately 12 per day. While similar 3C brands adopt large-area surface light designs, we pioneer the use of a point source lighting system, resulting in a 30 reduction in the energy consumption of lighting system. Meanwhile, HONOR is committed to enhancing employees' awareness of energy conservation and environmental protection. Through sharing relevant knowledge and organizing interesting activities, we continue to deepen their understanding of green practices and encourage application in work and daily life. DIY Graffiti Knowledge Quizzes Plant Care Waste SortingHONOR ESG Report 2023 34 In 2023, we launched the paperless program for our service stores. The processes involving paper documents such as acceptance forms, retrieval forms, and repair reports in the repair service scenario are all handled through online terminals, with retrieval passwords replacing the physical retrieval forms. The optimized service process has been simplified by over 50, significantly reducing the amount of paper documents printed at the stores. The paperless service initiative currently covers over 400 service stores, with a 95 utilization rate. In 2023, the paperless service program allowed us to save 3. 6 tonnes of printing paper and reduce carbon emissions by 6. 3 tonnes 1. Besides the spatial design and service experience, we incorporate the concept of green, health, safety, and efficiency within our stores. We have undertaken Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) audits and personnel empowerment in our self-operated stores. Any issues identified during the audits are promptly addressed, achieving a 100 issue closure rate. In two-story stores, we have lowered the step height of the stairs to enable children to use them safely and comfortably. By sharing our experiences and achievements on the path to sustainable development, we seek to explore sustainable solutions for future business endeavors, striving to realize our common green aspirations. UNGC 2023 Sustainable Development Conference in Mexico In August 2023, at the UNGC 2023 Sustainable Development Conference in Mexico, HONOR presented the progress of the Company's seven ESG strategies to participants from around the world, and reaffirmed HONOR s goal of achieving carbon neutral operations by 2045. UNGC Forward Faster CEO Roundtable In October 2023, HONOR participated in the UNGC Forward Faster CEO Roundtable, and shared the Company's exploration, practices, and reflections in clean energy opportunities, value chain decarbonization, and eco-friendly materials. The objective was to collectively explore innovative, reliable, and effective sustainable development solutions. China Circular Economy Development Forum In November 2023, HONOR participated in the conference organized by the China Association of Circular Economy, attended the thematic discussion on High-quality Development of Resource Recycling Industry and engaged in roundtable dialogues. During the dialogue, HONOR offered perspectives on the current utilization of idle smart phones and emphasized customer demands. We discussed how HONOR collaborates with partners to involve more consumers in the electronics recycling process, continuously driving the development of the circular economy industry. Opening ceremony of the Green Wishes Exhibition on Sustainable Lifestyle, Fashion, and Art at Xiao Hui Wang Art Museum HONOR was invited to participate in the opening ceremony of the Green Wishes Exhibition on Sustainable Lifestyle, Fashion, and Art at Xiao Hui Wang Art Museum. Through art, we showcased sustainable practices from terminal enterprises, inspiring the audience to contemplate the present and future of sustainable concepts. In the Art Salon session, two Mexican judges, Julio Fr as Pe a and YUNUENE, discussed technology as a tool for artistic expression towards sustainability at the art and technology level. The unique discussion brought profound insights into art, technology, and environmental protection. Additionally, YUNUENE exhibited two of her oil paintings. YUNUENE demonstrated and introduced its thinking on ocean protection issues in its design and explained the fresh ideas brought about by combining technological products and artistic concepts. As a co-founder of Dise a M xico, Julio Fr as Pe a presented the Dise a M xico 2023 is to address environmental issues, targeting plastic reduction in oceans. He hopes students can express their ideas and thoughts about environmental protection through artistic design. In 2023, HONOR collaborated with Dise a M xico, and created two core awards to help young designers incubate their ideas on reducing plastic in oceans. This loan is focused our ESG strategies, specifically targeting green environmental protection and technology for good. It incorporates sustainable performance indicators and links the loan interest rate to these indicators. Our green finance projects adhere to the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles (SLLP) issued by the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association, where the loan interest rates are linked to our performance indicators in the ESG strategy. The selection of key performance indicators (KPIs) for green loans, validation of sustainability performance targets (SPTs), loan characteristics, information disclosure, and verification are evaluated and demonstrated by independent third-party entities to ensure the reliability and authenticity of the information. AI governance We have built a responsible AI governance framework in view of the AI lifecycle200 Million We have intercepted over 200 million pieces of fraudulent TAI-U model We have established the TAI-U model based on privacy Impressiveness and user journey and integrated AI governance into our business operations39 Privacy and SecurityHONOR ESG Report 2023 Highlights Certification on privacy protection and securityInnovative privacy functions We have launched a variety of terminal privacy functions and services, including Parallel Space, Privacy Moment, and Privacy Assistan60 We have led or participated in the formulation of over 60 released or approved standards on privacy and securityWe have newly obtained a series of authoritative certifications such as ISO IEC 27701, ePrivacyseal, PCI DSS, TEE, FIDO, UPDSS, and Double List certification for mobile internet Apps Since its inception, HONOR has championed the philosophy of Your Privacy, Our Priority, which has been integral to our business endeavors from the very beginning. With innovation, quality, and service as its three strategic pillars, HONOR consistently invests in R&D and cutting-edge technologies to bring innovative smart devices to global consumers and create a new world of intelligence for everyone. At the same time, HONOR believes that technology should be people-oriented. Our understanding of privacy protection Lawfulness, fairness, and transparencyPurpose limitationData minimizationInformation accuracyMinimum storage periodConfidentiality and integrityAccountability HONOR ESG Report 2023 41 Sound privacy management system Your Privacy, Our Priority Establish a complete three-tier organizational structure for privacy protection Internalize external regulations and formulate systematic privacy management requirements Integrate privacy requirements into processes to protect user privacy during business operations Practice the corporate culture of Privacy and Security for All Establish a one-stop privacy management platformOrganizational structure Management requirements Process Integration Corporate culture Tools and PlatformsDecision-making level Management level Executive level Orientation trainingCompany-wide annual learningPublicity facing managersOn-job training and certification guidance Knowledge Community Tool Library Digital Operations PlatformGeneral Privacy Policy Privacy Management Regulations Privacy Compliance Baseline Embed in processes Execute processes Evaluate processes Optimize processesHONOR ESG Report 2023 Build a comprehensive privacy protection system from organizational structure, management requirements, process integration, corporate culture, and tools and platforms HONOR has established a complete three-tier organizational structure for privacy protection. The Global Cybersecurity and Privacy Protection Committee serves as the highest management organization for cybersecurity and privacy protection, positioned as the decision-making level. The Joint Privacy Committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of privacy protection and is positioned as the business management level, with the Privacy and Compliance Department supporting its daily operations and reporting to the Global Cybersecurity and Privacy Committee. Each business organization and regional organization has appointed privacy engineers, responsible for the implementation of the privacy protection work, positioned at the executive level. With the Generally Accepted Principles and Practices (GAPP) as the framework and the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as the basis, HONOR has formulated and published the Overall Privacy Policy, the Privacy Protection Management Regulations, the Privacy Compliance Baseline and other management requirements, to ensure that HONOR's global businesses comply with the laws, regulations and standards of relevant countries or regions. HONOR ensures the effective implementation of privacy requirements in business processes by embedding relevant requirements in processes and executing, evaluating and optimizing the processes. By the end of 2023, the number of HONOR IAPP (International Association of Privacy Professionals) licensees reached more than 60. HONOR systematically builds a one-stop privacy protection management platform, including a privacy security knowledge community, a privacy security tool library, and a privacy security digital operation platform to support efficient management and operation of privacy protection business. The mechanism covers all stages of personal information processing, including notification to data subjects, data subject selection and consent, collection, use, retention and disposal, disclosure to third parties, cross-border data transfer, and rights of data subjects. From product design to service provision, HONOR takes a full account of how to better protect user privacy in every link and how to allow users to have independent control over their personal data. The HONOR phone(s) provides in-depth detection of privacy risks based on minimal permission granting, visualized permission usage and intelligent permission revocation to enable users to understand the privacy and security status of their phones in real time. With these functions, users can systematically prevent the misuse of their personal information. Since 2023, the number of users using the HONOR Privacy Newsletter has significantly increased. We have helped users resolve privacy risks more than 1. 35 million times, making privacy risks identifiable and controllable. Users often appear to be harassed in the daily use of mobile phones, with common harassment including marketing SMS, marketing calls, fraudulent calls and App notifications. Personal information leakage will lead to serious consequences, while personal information can be leaked in a variety of ways. Data disclosure protection Intelligent Identification to prevent telecom fraud Smart authorization to reduce pop-up interruptions Minimal Permission Recommendations to ensure a minimal number of permissions granted Privacy Assistant to provide in-depth detection of privacy security status Privacy Access History to allow access to information at any time Clipboard contents automatically deleted to prevent malicious reading Repair Mode to ensure privacy during after-sales servicesOne-click removal of personal information to ensure privacy during photo sharing HONOR Parallel Space pretends to have a second mobile phone which runs in isolation without interfering with each otherHONOR ESG Report 2023 Behavior tracking is one of the most worrying issues for users. Common situations of being tracked include location and trajectory tracking, acquisition of operating behavior and usage habits in cyberspace, and tracking of device identifiers and Wi-Fi MAC addresses. HONOR Mobile reduces or prevents users behavior from continuous tracking through technical means such as anonymous device identifiers and fuzzy location. The privacy functions described in this chapter may vary depending on the product model and system version; Please refer to the specific product model for accurate information. Privacy protection during screen projection AI Privacy Call to prevent sound leakageHONOR ESG Report 2023 46 Build privacy and security ecosystem with stakeholders HONOR is committed to becoming a global iconic technology brand, which builds all-scenes, faces all channels, and serves all people. HONOR carries out in-depth cooperation with relevant parties to minimize users, governments and regulators' fraud risks and safeguard their property security. As of December 2023, HONOR has intercepted over 200 million fraud attempts, including blocking fraudulent Apps over 7. 15 million times, over 93. 95 million fraudulent messages, and over 137. 87 million fraudulent calls, helping users avoid fraud risks over 12, 000 times. Governments and regulators HONOR closely monitors the progress of the industry's standardization effort on privacy and security and has established a special team to participate in standard setting. We joined several standards and industry organizations, such as the National Technical Committee 260 on Information Security Standardization (TC260), the China Communications Standards Association (CCSA), and the Telecommunication Terminal Industry Forum Association (TAF) at the beginning of our establishment. Under the guidance of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the Cyberspace Administration of China, we actively participate in the standard system construction and industry development for personal information protection, data security, AI security, telecom anti-fraud, and minor online protection. By the end of 2023, HONOR had led or participated in the formulation of over 60 privacy standards on privacy and security. Industry standards organizations HONOR has created a people-centered, cross-device and cross-system smart solution for users' daily life. Therefore, users can enjoy a seamless experience in all scenarios and manage the privacy and security of the hardware ecosystem through MagicRing trusted ring and eco-product access controlsHardware ecosystem privacy and security HONOR manages the privacy and security of the software ecosystem by implementing privacy controls over open capabilities and the application market. Software ecosystem privacy and securityHONOR ESG Report 2023 47 Information and Communications Bureau, MIIT of China, launched the collection of excellent cases of Internet application service capacity enhancement, while the case Enhancing Terminal Security Guardian Capability (Magic OS Shake advertisement control Anti-telecom fraud Rogue advertisement prevention and control) which HONOR submitted has won 2023 Best Practice of Enhancing Mobile Internet Application Service Capability. Meanwhile, Smart permission recommendation Position fuzzification and Private access to calendar memo are awarded as excellent case by China Academy of Information and Communications Technology. HONOR collaborates with partners in hardware and software ecosystem construction, marketing activities, and after-sales services. Strict privacy protection requirements are imposed on partners at various stages, including admission certification, daily management, and termination of cooperation, to ensure that the services provided by partners fully protect user privacy. Partners management HONOR places great emphasis on scientific research and innovation, and integrates patent management into the entire process of R&D, production and operation, viewing patent technology as a core competitive advantage. Industry-academia- research cooperationHONOR ESG Report 2023 48 There is more we can do to protect privacy In the face of a complex network environment, protecting children's rights has become a topic of public concern. HONOR's products prioritize child privacy protection and offer exclusive services such as Child Account, Kids Mode, and HONOR AI Space - Family Space to protect children's privacy in the digital world. Child identification is a prerequisite for providing child privacy protection. HONOR identifies children through Child Account and Kids Mode. After identifying a child, HONOR provides users with parental authorization, default privacy protection, content control, remote management, and other features to protect children's privacy and security. HONOR provides a child account feature that includes a real-name authentication process. Through the Parental Consent Form, HONOR clearly informs parents or guardians of the information required for HONOR to provide services to their children, so as to ensure that parents or guardians can understand HONOR's personal information processing activities and enable them to have intuitive and complete controls. HONOR's terminal products enable a Digital Balance - Kids Mode at the operating system level. After activating the Kids Mode, the system will impose content restrictions, anti-advertisement tracking, and other restrictive measures to safeguard the privacy and security of children. HONOR also offers child privacy protection features based on the 'Smart Space - Family Space'. Parents or other guardians can associate child devices through Family Space for remote monitoring, remote location viewing, geographical boundaries setting, and anti-fraud reminders, thus better safeguarding the privacy and security of children. With the development of the economy and the accelerated pace of an aging society, some unscrupulous individuals set their sights on the elderly utilizing, widely use financial and information communication technologies to commit telecommunications frauds, causing serious harm to the property security and physical and mental health of some elderly people. HONOR phone(s) offers a series of functions including virus scanning, harassment interception, malicious URLs detection, anti-fraud detection, Wi-Fi detection, anti-counterfeit base station, and external source application installation reminders. Such functions could significantly reduce the likelihood that older users fall victim to SMS scams, fraudulent calls, and malicious Apps. The HONOR Club provides a Safety and Privacy Protection section, regularly publishing privacy and anti-fraud knowledge. Elderly users can learn about and enhance their awareness of privacy protection and fraud prevention in the club. Once illegally shared or leaked, user privacy may be at risk. HONOR protects user privacy and data security by default through uploading data to the cloud, sharing information under user control, and encrypting data during transmission and storage. When conducting statistical analysis and user experience improvement, differential privacy technology is used to add interference to user data, making it impossible for the cloud to access the user's real data, thus ensuring user privacy and security. Users can decide to back up the data to the cloud as needed for cross-device data synchronization, with the option to clear cloud data at any time. Additionally, users can choose to share exercise and fitness data with other applications or users as needed and can stop data sharing at any time to achieve user autonomous control. HONOR Health also provides comprehensive data security protection, offering end-to-end secure transmission channels. All data uploaded to the cloud are encrypted using encryption algorithms before storage. HONOR AI Space connects numerous third-party smart home devices. Once the third-party smart devices are invaded or controlled, it will result in a violation of users private space and privacy. HONOR protects the privacy and security of users and their families through comprehensive security technology measures, privacy and security controls for ecosystem products, and the Family Space feature. HONOR employs multiple security measures to ensure access authentication, transmission, and storage security from IoT devices to phones and to the HONOR AI Space servers. This includes client identity authentication, support for end-to-end secure transmission channels, encryption of transmission channels, and encryption of sensitive data stored. HONOR conducts due diligence on ecosystem product vendors involved in the collection and storage of personal information to ensure that they have appropriate privacy protection capabilities. Additionally, HONOR sets clear privacy and security requirements for ecosystem products, such as classifying and grading ecosystem products based on the product types and data sensitivity, requiring ecosystem products that process personal information to publish a privacy statement, conducting privacy security testing for ecosystem product access, and conducting privacy security reviews for the launch of ecosystem products. HONOR AI Space provides a Family Space feature, allowing parents or other guardians to associate family devices through Family Space to achieve remote monitoring, remote location viewing, geographical boundaries setting, anti-fraud reminders, etc., so as to better protect family privacy and security. In 2023, HONOR released the Overall Policy for AI Business Governance within the Company, aimed at standardizing the Company's AI business governance, so as to comply with external laws and regulations and provide users with Trusted Responsible AI services. The policy outlines 5 principles (PFAST) of AI governance at HONOR Based on 5 principles of AI governance, HONOR has constructed an AI governance system architecture from data governance, model governance and service governance AI businesses should adhere to common human values and ethical principles, respect differences in users' religious beliefs and cultural traditions, and treat different social groups fairly, justly, and inclusively to prevent discrimination and bias Fairness and Justice Accountability AI businesses must strictly comply with laws, regulations, ethical principles, and relevant standards and have the ability to assess, record, and self-prove compliance with the above principles Security and Reliability AI businesses should operate in a robust, secure, and reliable manner, with necessary security measures to safeguard the security of user data and information services and be able to resist malicious attacksTransparency and ControlAI businesses must strictly comply with laws, regulations, ethical principles, and relevant standards and have the ability to assess, record, and self-prove compliance with the above principlesAccountability AI business should respect the legitimate rights and interests of users and others over data, take effective measures to control illegal and undesirable information in data, and strengthen the quality management of data training AI Data Governance AI business should establish a full-process model governance mechanism to improve model security and reliability by controlling models operation in introduction, training, optimization and online implementation AI Model Governance AI services should provide transparent and controllable services, turn on the service under users authorization, provide the user with a clear and unambiguous description of the service content, the basics of the algorithms and the personal data being processed, as well as provide a convenient method to exit and turn off the AI service AI Service GovernanceHONOR ESG Report 2023 51 HONOR officially released the MagicOS on-device large language model and developed with Qualcomm for deep debugging. This self-developed 7-billion-parameter on-device large language model has been deployed on the Snapdragon 8 Gen3, running smoothly and efficiently. Different from other approaches that compress large models from the cloud to the device, HONOR's MagicOS on-device large model is the evolution and upgrade of platform-level AI, which is a leap from perception to cognition (perceptual capability - perceiving user behavior and geographical location, and providing intelligent recommendations; cognitive capability - in-depth and comprehensive learning and understanding of user digital content, and making decisions and analysis based on more factors to achieve more accurate intent recognition and personalized services). The platform-level AI empowered by the on-device large language model can better train user personal data and achieve a deeper, more accurate, and more nuanced understanding of user intent. Besides, the personal knowledge base accumulated on the device is transferable, inheritable, and growable. As on-device AI learns and grows with user personal data and habits, it can understand user intent more deeply and bring more personalized services in complex scenarios. As such, the operating system can be more personalized, making the phone more user-friendly and truly achieving personal privacy protection. In the HONOR TAI-U model, the horizontal axis represents the process of users using product services, and the vertical axis represents users' positive or negative experiences of trust and security in AI services. Through user research, industry common practices comparison, and governance rules decomposition, we have established a design principles checklist for trusted AI Impressiveness, including positive experiences, benchmark experiences, and negative experiences. We are committed to eliminating all journey nodes falling into negative experiences in the user journey to fully optimize users' experience of trust and security in AI services. This scheme provides references for work content segmentation and progress measurement in the product design phase, which enhances the matching between user mental models and interactive interfaces and is conducive to establishing a positive product service image. In addition, HONOR strengthens AI business governance through innovative technical solutions and product design schemes. Journey node NTrusted AI Impressiveness User JourneyHONOR ESG Report 2023 52 Tech for Good Enjoy a Better Life Together SDGs in this chapter HONOR ESG Report 2023 53 Tech for Good HighlightsHONOR ESG Report 2023 As of the end of 2023, ScreenReader benefited over 3, 400, 000 users3, 400, 000 In 2023, Select-to-Speak benefited over 200, 000 people each month200, 000 As of the end of 2023, Call Subtitles benefited over 140, 000 people each month140, 000 As of the end of 2023, AI Subtitles benefited over 800, 000 people each month800, 000 In 2023, we engaged in face-to-face interactions with nearly 520 hearing-impaired users to promote accessibility to information520 In 2023, we completed and implemented elderly-friendly projects, and HONOR Magic and X series was certified as elderly-friendly26 In 2023, HONOR Magic Moments mobile photography project received a total of 50, 000 global submissions500, 000 In 2023, HONOR actively participated in the creation and promotion of six industry standards focused on the protection of minors6 Over the next three years, HONOR will invest over 1 billion yuan in research and development, particularly advancing into the relatively unexplored field of eye protection research1 BillionIn 2023, Remote Caretaking benefited over 20, 000 people each month20, 000In 2023, Color Correction benefit benefited over 590, 000 people each month590, 000 As of the end of 2023, Call Subtitles benefited over 140, 000 people each month470, 000 54 As digital technology continues to evolve, the new and rapidly changing technologies have unintentionally widened the digital divide with the disadvantaged in society. National economic data released by the National Bureau of Statistics in early 2022 shows that China s elderly population over 60 years old exceeds 267 million, accounting for 18. 9 of the country s population. In order to bridge the digital divide for people with disabilities, we have set up a working group on accessibility to analyze the problems they face in using mobile phones, listen to their opinions, explore user needs and application scenarios. In this digital world, visually impaired users will find it incredibly difficult to use electronic products and will be unable to keep up with the rapidly evolving information environment without appropriate voice assistive technologies. Limited by visual impairment, complicated operations and mass data will only trap visually impaired users in an information silo and become a barrier to accessing what they want. Bridge the digital divide by technology and create a better future Vision, at your fingertips When ScreenReader feature is turned on for users who are blind or have low vision, HONOR phones can read out what they tap, select and activate in real time to inform them what they are operating. By the end of 2023, ScreenReader had benefited 3. 4 million users. ScreenReader makes life easier Select-to-Speak enables users to freely choose reading content. Audiobook is no longer the only format for them to access digital information. In 2023, Color Correction benefited over 590 thousand people each month. Color Correction brings true colors back to life Dark Mode increases contrast to make the screen sharper and clearer in dim lighting environment. Dark Mode provides a clear displayHONOR ESG Report 2023 The magnification gesture allows users to adjust the screen by quickly zooming in on screen content when they cannot see clearly. In 2023, Magnification gesture benefited over 470 thousand people each month. Magnification enables clearer views 56 For normal hearing people, video conferencing, online education and live streaming have already become part of their daily life. HONOR carefully guards each and every hearing-impaired user, and insists on listening to the voice of users and meeting their needs. Currently available on HONOR s phones, laptops, tablets, watches, etc., the hearing assistive features supports the conversion of speech to text, enabling hearing impaired users to communicate smoothly with normal hearing people. Once enabled, users can touch the Call Subtitles button to convert the speech to text in real time during a phone call. Hearing-impaired users can text on the screen and the information will be converted to speech for the recipient. The most unique advantage of Call Subtitles is that it enables on-device mode for translation on mobile phones. This allows hearing-impaired users to use the phone safely in elevators, underground garages, subways and other places with poor signals. The number of monthly active users has grown exponentially since Call Subtitles was launched. By the end of 2023, nearly 140 thousand users had benefited from the feature each month. AI Subtitles The AI Subtitles feature has been installed on HONOR s phones, tablets, and certain models of HONOR laptops. This feature can help hearing-impaired users to access content from live streaming, online courses, or other non-subtitle videos, facilitating their learning and social activities. It not only supports real-time speech-to-text conversion in face-to-face communication, but can also convert and translate speech in multimedia programs, such as adding subtitles to a live show, and translating subtitles from English, Japanese and Korean subtitles into Chinese. In November 2023, AI Subtitles on HONOR s phones and tablets was updated, making HONOR a terminal manufacturer to realize offline speech-to-text conversion in face-to-face communication. This enables hearing-impaired people to convert speech to text and vice versa anytime, anywhere, even offline. Tests have shown that HONOR s AI Subtitles has the best performance among terminal manufacturers in terms of word accuracy and translation speed. By the end of 2023, AI Subtitles had benefited nearly 800 thousand users each month. Notes HONOR has launched a new note-taking feature on mobile phones and tablets. Specifically, in meetings, classes or other scenarios, one can record the speakers speech from the notes interface, and then convert it to text, making it easier for users to read and understand. Hearing-impaired users can benefit from this feature. In addition to the hearing aid function, users can directly make or receive phone calls, watch TV programs, listen to music and more through mobile phones connected to hearing aids, gaining easier access to the digital world. We have integrated the notification of a number of features into the vibration of the watch, which can be felt by hearing-impaired users, so that important information is not missed. Flash for Alerts Our users gave us feedback in 2023. Specifically, hearing-impaired users always miss incoming calls or messages, so they want us to introduce a new feature, LED flash for alerts, as a reminder for calls and messages. In response, we launched the Flash for Alerts feature in late 2023. Incoming calls, notifications and alarms would trigger the LED on the phone to flash. We also introduced screen flashing to ensure that important information is not missed. Both elderly and young users should be able to use digital products with ease. In 2023, HONOR had implemented 26 projects to meet the demands of this aging population. HONOR Magic series and X series have gained certifications for elderly-friendly design. The simplified mode allows elderly users to easily and clearly see and hear, with simplified operations that enable many older users to enjoy technological benefits. This app features various functions such as reminders for inactivity and remote location tracking to bridge the gap between children and their parents, providing constant and reliable companionship. Remote caretaking provides close companionship anywhere The scam alert function connects to the National Anti-Fraud Center database, making it easier for users to identify fraudulent information. The elderly users can also anti-fraud guardians who will receive alerts when they receive messages or calls containing fraud risks, thereby providing a strong barrier to enhance the safety of their phone use. HONOR Parental Control is now upgraded to HONOR AI Space It is also our goal to let children grow up healthily in the digital world, avoiding addiction to electronic devices or exposure to inappropriate information. HONOR s phones, tablets, TVs and routers are all equipped with child-oriented functions. Parents can set screen time and other limits on device usage to help their children develop healthy digital habits. Parents can manage children s mobile phones tablets remotely with the Parent Control feature. This feature allows parents to set screen time limits for their children to ensure they are using the device appropriately. Meanwhile, HONOR Pad 8 provides a series of eye care solutions at the software level and Digital Balance, a feature specially designed for teenage students, which provides reminders for bad habits that affect eyesight, such as positioning too closely, lying down while viewing, viewing in low light, and shaky holding. These upgrades have achieved a further enhancement of the standard for eye protection in tablets. Eye Protection Mode HONOR Router 4 Pro provides the Parental Control function to prevent children from getting addicted to games and short videos. HONOR Parental Control is now upgraded to HONOR AI Space59 HONOR ESG Report 2023 60 Tech for good - Support youth education and developmentAt the same time, HONOR has created the first tablet to be certified with minor protection according to national standards. The HONOR Pad X8 Pro offers both device-end protection and remote caretaking modes for child protection, which involves apps management, screen time setting and hearing protection. These two modes help children use the tablet for effective learning in a healthy way, making parents feel more assured. The HONOR Pad X8 Pro has passed the first product compliance test and received the first domestic intelligent mobile terminal product certification for minor protection issued by CESI Certification Co., Ltd. under the China Electronics Standardization Institute (CESI). In addition, to protect children s privacy, we have released Children s Personal Information Protection Policy, which regulates the entire process of collecting, processing, managing, protecting, and controlling children's information. Together with Eduardo Dond de Teresa, President of Fundaci n Dond, and others, HONOR held an HONOR tablet donation ceremony at the education center on the outskirts of the M rida, Yucat n, Mexico. Fundaci n Dond is a Mexican non-profit organization that fosters the capacity of children and teenagers in marginalized communities to explore. In its century-long history, Fundaci n Dond has established more than 100 education centers in remote areas of Mexico, reaching more than 750 thousand children and teenagers. HONOR visited one of the education centers, participated in a psycho-educational and botanical knowledge development course for the students and donated HONOR tablets. The donation will help integrate modern technology into local education to foster students awareness of independent learning through technology and sharing of technological knowledge, and to build their self-confidence and perseverance. In the future, HONOR will deepen its partnership with Fundaci n Dond to bridge the digital divide in remote areas and promote the youth education and development. In the digital era, information accessibility not only benefits individuals with disabilities, but is also closely related to every person s life. Healthy people can also face barriers to accessing information in certain scenarios, such as receiving a phone call when their hands are greasy in the kitchen, being unable to move due to a sports injury, or being unable to answer a phone call in the middle of a meeting with their boss. Such a comprehensive system connects people, devices, and services with AI technology and presents common features for users in a simple way. The monthly users of the Magic Text service have reached 14. 9 million. AI Voice provides a more convenient voice interaction service to over 50 of HONOR users in various scenarios, such as taking pictures and answering calls. Voice Assistant YOYO is activated over 340 million times each month to provide smart services, a year-on-year increase of 78. 9. By the end of 2023, MagicOS had been used by 927 third-party partners through YOYO Suggestions, improving efficiency for millions of users every month. AI empowers extensive accessibility Develop universal products and services for all users by adapting AI to all scenarios and collecting user insights to bridge the digital divide. Access to accessibility features should be diversified. Information accessibility requires awareness and empathy. Inclusive AI Diversity Empathy 14. 9 million 340 million 927 partnersLove can break down all barriers. Love When the basic capability is built, we need to further think about how to present the features in a simple and accessible manner. In July 2023, MagicOS was the first system to introduce the function of far-field networking and transmission and apply it to the connection between mobile phones and watches. This breaks the physical distance limit of Bluetooth connectivity between devices and alleviates users fears of missing important information. When users are engaged in sports, cleaning, cooking and other activities where it is inconvenient to carry a mobile phone, HONOR Watch can be used as an information receiving center, synchronizing information and incoming calls from mobile phones using MagicRing s far-field transmission function, without the distance limitations of Bluetooth. Technology enriches people s lives. Since their launch, HONOR Magic Portal and Magic Capsule have provided users with a new way of service interaction, offering an efficient and direct pathway for users to access what they need. Love can break down all barriers. In this way, we can know the most authentic user voices to promote the rapid development of our accessibility features and services. As a result, smart products can benefit the disadvantaged and help them enjoy the convenience of smart devices with greater ease. When every barrier is removed, the glow of AI shines so bright. Meanwhile, we have actively participated in industry and information accessibility and other professional forums and related activities to promote industrial development. Industrial cooperation for common progress In 2023, HONOR also actively participated in relevant industry forums and activities, working with peers to promote the development of accessibilityEngaged in the formulation of the Technical Requirements and Testing Methods for Information Accessibility Smart Campus Intelligent Terminals led by the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT) Engaged in the formulation of the national standard of General Specification for the Protection of Minors in Intelligent Mobile Terminals led by the CESI Engaged in the formulation of the industry standards of the Technical Specification for the Protection of Personal Information of Minors in Mobile Internet Applications and the Implementation Specification for Informing Consent for the Processing of Personal Information of Children in Mobile Internet Applications (APPs), and the group standard of Technical Requirements for the Protection of Minors in Mobile Terminals, led by the CAICT, etc. At the seminar on tech for good to drive high quality development, we discussed the relationship between technology and the good, how enterprises can contribute to the development of public welfare, and other topics related to the theme. Xu Zhiyu, Senior Vice President of HONOR, was invited to the conference. The theme of this year s Technology Accessible Development Conference is All Scenarios of Accessibility Moving Towards a New Journey, which aims to promote the integration and communication, as well as technological innovation and change in accessibility, and to facilitate the construction and development of the domestic accessibility environment. At the conference, HONOR summarized and shared with the audience its latest innovations and technical solutions for people with disabilities. Technology Accessible Development Conference HONOR ESG Report 2023 66 2023 China International Silver Industry Exhibition 2023 award ceremony for the Bloomberg Green ESG 50 ListFrom November 17 to 19, 2023, HONOR delivered a keynote speech at the 2023 Smart Accessibility Exchange on the theme of Smart Life without Barriers to Information Accessibility. Through scenario-based display, consumers can better understand and perceive HONOR s technological efforts for elderly-friendly products and information accessibility by experiencing Remote Caretaking, Call Subtitles, Select-to-Speak, Parent Mode and other features. Implementing tech for good requires not only a broad sense of social responsibility to be fostered through policy support, but also upstream and downstream companies working together to improve user needs research, technology development and scenario-based application. At the event, the UN Theme Group on Disability in China, in partnership with Phoenix Satellite TV, hosted China s first inclusive play, Reversing the Future. They explored the creative concepts behind the play and discussed the issues of accessibility, inclusion, equal participation, law enforcement, and the role of technology. Through this event, HONOR hopes to raise the public's awareness of the situation of people with disabilities in political, social, economic, and cultural life. In the future, HONOR will continue to apply smart technology to mobile phones to solve the pain points of people with disabilities, so that they do not fall behind in the digital world. With the in-house latest achievements in visual accessibility, auditory accessibility, and elderly-friendly design of mobile phones, HONOR Device Co., Ltd. s Tech for Good Information Accessibility project stood out from more than 200 submitted projects and was successfully included in the 2023 Fortune China Best Design List. Under the theme of Sustainability and Inclusivity New Business Paradigm, the summit explored the path towards sustainable and responsible business growth. Liu Xiaojun, ESG Director of HONOR, shared the Company s tech for good case at the meeting. HONOR has developed several products with health monitoring functions to realize daily monitoring of body indicators, including blood oxygen, body temperature, body fat, blood pressure, and blood glucose, and to keep users informed of their health status directly. In addition, HONOR also cooperates with Fuwai Hospital of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, one of the top cardiology hospitals in China. Through the continuous development of high-precision algorithm engines, it is able to provide risk alerts for suspected atrial fibrillation, suspected premature beats, and suspected sleep apnoea, providing the first line of defense for the user s heart health. HONOR wearables also provide professional workout guidance, creating a unique fitness experience tailored to each individual user. It also provides 200 preset courses and 7 exercise plans in the HONOR Health. HONOR Health, an exercise and health management APP, is designed to help users actively manage their health through AI. It helps users create their own exercise and health management plans effectively. With the vast amount of user behavioral and health data collected by smart devices, HONOR builds customized on-device personal models. At the same time, the central control technology of on-device multi-AI model is used for the first time on Magic Live. This technology connects multiple large models, making full use of the breadth of knowledge of the public model, the professionalism of the vertical model, and the accuracy of the personal model, to provide users with a personalized and scientific exercise and health guideline. We have launched the smart device access service, aiming to build an extensive exercise and health database with device manufacturers in the ecosystem, and to further the partnership with medical institutions, universities, experts and scholars. This contributes to the development of the industry, and the upgrading of the three phases of accurate screening, risk prediction and early prevention of diseases, so as to protect users health. It fully supported the Shenzhen Marathon 2023 with cutting-edge smart wearables and technologies to inspire the public s enthusiasm to participate. It is also possible for users to participate in online marathons through the HONOR Health. In addition, users can run a marathon using the Sports Course feature and improve their ranking with friends on the same road section, competing for the first place of the section. In addition, on the day of the Marathon, HONOR relied on leading smart wearables and cutting-edge technology to accurately monitor participants blood oxygen, heart rate and other key indicators to protect their health and safety during the race. HONOR insists on using technology as the driving force to promote the integrated development of sports events and national health, so that everyone can fully enjoy the happiness brought by scientific and healthy sports. HONOR carefully records user action in all aspects. With multiple health management products and services, we provide users with professional data and rich activity experience to help them manage their health effectively. In addition to creating a self-managed health and exercise platform for users, HONOR focuses on major health issues. For example, according to a survey by People s Daily in 2023, 210 million people in China suffered from eye diseases, and 600 million people suffered from myopia. The overall myopia rate among children and teenagers was 52. 7, which is partly attributed to the improper use of electronic products. Therefore, HONOR focuses more on eye care to provide consumers with eye-friendly, more comfortable and reassuring products. The funds will be used to establish extensive cooperation with partners in the construction of eye care standards and evaluation system, eye health and biomedicine, advanced screen technology, and co-construction of scientific research and academic institutions, and to advance into the brand-new field of eye care research. By conducting in-depth research in the four technical areas of basic display experience enhancement, natural light-simulated technology, human-scene and crowd differences, and professional solutions to visual problems, HONOR will take screen technology as the basis and human experience as the goal to create human-centric, professional, and standardized healthy displays. The international standard IEEE Std1789-2015 states that there is no risk to the human eye if the screen flickers at a frequency greater than 3, 125 Hz. Ultra-high frequency PWM dimming solves the visual fatigue problem caused by low frequency PWM dimming. It has better low-brightness display performance compared to software-based DC dimming, providing users with both smooth and accurate colors and protecting their eyes. At present, HONOR 100 series is launched with the HONOR Oasis Eye Protection Screen, which provides all-day eye protection and is the first mobile phone product to pass the Eye Comfort 3. 0 certification mark from T V Rheinland. Every touching and beautiful moment deserves to be captured with HONOR that is enabled by science and technology. This award aims at breaking through the boundary of dynamic visual expression through innovative technology, and establishing a global exchange platform of mobile photography around mobile phone shooting experience and lens expression. This award also aims at tapping the creative inspiration of the public and new filmmakers, and shaping new forces influencing culture through the unique aesthetic and rich practical experience, and assisting creators in realizing their dreams, and discovering more new generation of high-quality creative talents through the incentive mechanism. On April 6, 2023, HONOR Magic Moments Awards, the third annual global mobile photograph competition hosted by the brand, was officially launched at the HONOR Magic5 series press conference. The competition focuses on the humanistic aspect of photography, highlighting the stories and emotions behind photos. The awards offered six categories in this year s iteration - On the Way, We, Protection, The Moment, The Story, and Video. Among them, the On the Way category encourages entrants to go out and capture the scenery and customs they see along the way, the Protection category welcomes entries that are shot on any smartphones documenting the human efforts undertaken towards creating a sustainable future, while The Moment category is for works that perfectly immortalize fleeting moments. This year s competition covered five major regions outside of China, including Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, and Eurasia. The number of international submissions exceeded 140, 000, constituting 20 of the total, a 100 increase year on year. This year s international candidates stood out for their prominent display of local ethnic cultural and regional feature images, giving rise to numerous exceptional works when compared to previous year. A total of 59 global awards are selected. This year s winners come from Latin America, China, Italy, France, Myanmar, Philippines, India, Malaysia and many other countries and regions. The coveted Photographer of the Year title comes with a cash prize of USD 15, 000. In addition, the HONOR Magic Moments Awards actively connects various participants, such as communities and photography associations, to work together on image-related projects. It encourages people to explore the unknown, use their mobile phones to capture beautiful moments in life, and take humanistic photographs that better reflect the lives of the public. Six major categories Capture humanistic photographs HONOR ESG Report 2023 It is simple but unforgettable. The pleasure of ease and the dizziness caused by the rapidly receding tide make this photo full of visual contradictions. In contrast, the figure, standing serenely, is below the horizon, and the splashing water seems to make the viewer feel as if he or she were there. Device HONOR Magic5 Pro The Magic of Been Nelomh Latin America Photographer of the Year of HONOR Magic Moments Awards 2023 Under the bright sunlight, the mottled colors mix with the subtle architecture, weaving a vibrant image. In the picture, a lonely elephant hides behind a door, in stark contrast to its surroundings. The picture touches the heart, awakens the softness in us and triggers rich imagination. Device HONOR Magic3 Pro Separated by a Wall Anlee Winner of Protection of HONOR Magic Moments Awards 2023 75 The HONOR Magic Moments Awards, in cooperation with Shenzhen Baoan International Airport and Shenzhen Mobile Photography Association, organized a photo exhibition with the theme of Women's Day Special - Airport Shines with Photos by HONOR Phone on International Working Women s Day on March 8, 2023 to capture every shining moment of women in the new era. The photos displayed were taken with HONOR phones, showing the different styles of women of different ages and professions. Each style is full of charm, showing a special femininity and their pursuit of beauty and freedom. Photo exhibition themed on Women's Day Special- Airport Shines with Photos by HONOR Phones HONOR ESG Report 2023 76 Youth Empowerment Talent Showcase SDGs in this chapter HONOR ESG Report 2023 25, 000 5, 300 HONOR Tech Innovation Awards attracted over 150 universities nationwide participated by more than 5, 300 students in 2023 1000 HONOR Talents Developer Awards attracted 1, 000 developers219 The 1st HONOR Talents Original Music Awards in 2023 received 219 pieces of original music compositions worldwideHONOR Talents Global Design Awards received 25, 000 submissions, covering 240 universities in 40 countries77 Youth EmpowermentHONOR ESG Report 2023 Highlights 78 Young people are a source of innovation. Their creativity and vitality play a crucial role in social development. By youth empowerment, we can unlock their innovation potential and develop their problem-solving abilities, so as to drive social development towards greater intelligence and digitalization. Supported by technology, young people can give full play to their talents in all walks of life and make more contributions to social progress. The rapid development of technologies such as information technology, artificial intelligence, and big data has provided a broader space for young people to develop. Thanks to these technologies, young people today have greater options and convenience in innovation and entrepreneurship, learning and growth. HONOR has hosted various and exciting activities, inviting young people from all over the world to participate in together and share wonderful moments. However, young people who engage in innovation and entrepreneurship also face difficulties in financing, little experience, and inadequate services, especially in developing countries. Therefore, HONOR and the Universidad del Valle de M xico (UVM), one of the top universities in Mexico and one of the most important universities in the entire Latin American region, conducted cooperation for the first time and launched a joint entrepreneurship scholarship to help students incubate their business ideas. This program helps to promote a high level of entrepreneurship education and implement innovative business models and ideas. UVM students and graduates with innovative and viable business ideas are eligible to apply for the scholarship, regardless of their year or major. The scholarship will be used to help them incubate their entrepreneurial projects, including supporting creating a business plan, and providing training in financing communications. At the same time, to better support young entrepreneurial students, we have organized a series of lectures, master classes, and workshops in collaboration with UVM. Projects proposed by young students are also incubated in UVM s national incubator network. By the end of 2023, HONOR and UVM had awarded scholarships to students in 75 entrepreneurial teams. In the near future, these businesses could become a significant source of local jobs and bring greater financial stability to society. Oriented to youth empowerment, HONOR Talents Program gathers young art pioneers and talents with a commitment to integrating art and technology, and supporting, empowering and incubating more forces with original thinking. By 2023, HONOR Talents had reached in-depth cooperation with many governments, embassies and consulates in China, international organizations, renowned design institutions and outstanding artists. Through the cooperation, HONOR has spread the beauty of innovation to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Chengdu, Kuala Lumpur, Mexico City, Milan and Berlin, and created a diversified platform for young people to display their talents. The Collaboration Award of 2023 AmCham Shanghai CSR Awards is not only a recognition of HONOR s ESG contributions, but also an inspiring milestone. In a nutshell, HONOR will empower young people and create more value for the combination of technology and art. Upholding the philosophy of youth empowerment, HONOR seeks young talents in different fields through a variety of competitions and devotes itself to building a stage for young people to showcase their talents. HONOR encourages young people in different fields to give full play to their creative thinking, interests and expertise, in an effort to promote innovation development, social progress and cultural exchanges by means of technology and art. The HONOR Talents HONOR ESG Report 2023 81 HONOR Talents Global Design Awards brings together the pioneering artistic power of young people and aims to mobilize the rich resources of the HONOR brand to support, empower, and incubate more forces with original thinking. The project continues to carry out a global dialog on art and technology, including art design, end product experiential design, and new forms of design expression. Since its inception in 2020, HONOR Talents Global Design Awards has reached in-depth cooperation with internationally renowned design institutions such as Central Academy of Fine Arts, Tsinghua University, Tongji University, Politecnico di Milano and Aalto University. After 4 years of growth, the competition has attracted young creators from 40 countries and regions and 240 renowned institutions around the world to participate in, with a total of 25, 000 works received. The competition has fully activated the power of young pioneering artists around the world. Beauty in all that you see. The 2023 HONOR Talents Global Design Awards called for entries from all over the world under the theme of Inspire the Future, with 3 design topics of Renewal of Life Return, Cultural Prosperity Celebration, and Genesis The Future. These topics inspire young people to deliver humanistic values by design from the perspectives of sustainable development, cultural inheritance and exchanges, and integration of technology and art. The competition was divided into 2 categories, namely Visual Communication Design and Art & Technology, covering 5 sections of wallpapers, themes, watches, open designs, and art & technology. In 2023, the number of submissions reached a record high, with 12, 000 pieces of works received worldwide. Meanwhile, the competition attracted more young people to participate. Specifically, 70 institutions signed up as new participants and more than 51 of entries were from students in 2023. Tech meets art, inspire the future. HONOR Talents Global Design Awards The competition attracted young creators from 40 countries and regions 240 renowned institutions In 2023, 70 institutions newly participated in More than 51 of submissions were from studentsHONOR ESG Report 2023 Inspired by the Han Dynasty s stone relief, this work embodies the optimism and imagination of people in the Han Dynasty. The designer depicts a grand banquet in a Han Dynasty restaurant. The viewer uses a flashlight to find out what s going on inside the building, thus starting a dialog going beyond time and space. On a journey of exploration, she gradually finds her inner peace and recognizes her own value from the bottom of her heart. Now, she presents these inspirations in the form of paintings. Efforts are accumulated to contribute to a burst of inspirations, enlightening every explorer who ever experienced depression. Exploration Tang Min the winner of 2023 Best New Talent Award of HONOR Talents Global Design Awards Prelude blends human history and technological progress into an oriental pagoda, bringing visitors an enlightening journey of art technology. With the help of interactive multimedia, visitors can not only learn about human history, but also explore the internal mechanism of human progress, thus expanding their thinking and horizons. By placing their hands on the small physical pagoda model, visitors can trigger an animation that represents the technological progress of an era in the large digital pagoda on the quad screen in an explosive way. OVERTURE Liu Xiaoyu Champion of HONOR Talents Global Design Awards 2023 Art & Technology Design With youth works as the content and diversified activity platforms as the carrier, the youth works were promoted and displayed in diverse forms. Such works have demonstrated the creativity of youth and the power of originality, and have been widely recognized by professionals and visitors worldwide. At the same time, HONOR displayed outstanding HONOR Talents award-winning works in different stores during global brand activities. These various forms of activities were reported by famous media at home and abroad and loved by global consumers. In 2023, HONOR Talents Global Design Awards competition was opened up in Latin America for the first time, with a panel of judges including David Romero, professor at the Technology De Monterrey, Julio Frias Pe a, co-founder of Dise a M xico, Yunuene, global judge of HONOR Talents, and Edward Venero, Peruvian artist. In addition, HONOR launched an innovative HONOR Talents campus tour exhibition in cooperation with many universities in Latin America, including 5 campuses of the University of the Valley of Mexico (UVM) and the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru. With an expectation to inspire youth s artistic creativity, HONOR takes advantage of this art tour to provide young people with more opportunities for technological and artistic exchanges and innovations by encouraging them to actively participate in the HONOR Talents Global Design Awards competition. HONOR Talents Global Design Awards competition in Latin America received many beautiful design works from students and designers from Mexican and Peruvian universities. Themed on Renewal of Life Return, Cultural Prosperity Celebration, and Genesis The Future, these works revealed unique perspectives of art, cross-culture and technology. The HONOR Talents Global Design Awards competition in Latin America provides a broader international stage for more creative young people. Award-winning works from the HONOR Talents Global Design Awards were displayed at the exhibition. These new media artworks offered innovative interpretations of traditional culture and sustainable development through the lens of humanities and technology. As the first cross-industry and cross-media international digital art fair based in Shanghai, this event was Shanghai s first digital art carnival in 2023. Thanks to the excellent works from the HONOR Talents Global Design Awards, the Digital Art Fair presented an art carnival with unique cultural and technological characteristics. This time, HONOR brought many outstanding youth artworks to the first Shanghai International Digital Art Fair, breathing new life into the development of Shanghai s digital art industry. In the future, HONOR will give full play to the advantages of this platform to explore the infinite possibilities of digital art with more talented art designers worldwide. HONOR presents cultural and technological works at the first Shanghai International Digital Art Fair HONOR ESG Report 2023 87 HONOR Talents campus lectures were held at many universities. For instance, HONOR experts gave lectures at the Academy of Arts & Design of Tsinghua University and the College of Arts of Sichuan University, to share cutting-edge industry information and introduce the schedule of HONOR Talents Global Design Awards and HONOR Youth Empowerment Program. Besides, the lecturers also explained how the design aesthetics of HONOR themes are applied from theory to practice in its entirety. Lectures at Academy of Arts & Design of Tsinghua University and Sichuan University HONOR ESG Report 2023 On March 21, 2023, the HONOR Talents Global Design Awards Art Exhibition, co-hosted by the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) Investment and Technology Promotion Office (ITPO) (Beijing, China) and HONOR, kicked off in Beijing. The art salon welcomed guests such as Siddharth Chatterjee, the United Nations Coordinator in China, Sanmugan Subramaniam, the Minister of Malaysia to China, and Wu Yabin, the Director of UNIDO ITPO (Beijing, China), to jointly explore the innovative beauty of Tech Meets Art with HONOR. As a diversified stage for young people to showcase their talents, this tour exhibition expresses HONOR s exploration of technological innovation, discovery of the diverse beauty in nature and respect for culture. The 54 outstanding works on display are created by young designers from more than 10 countries, including China, Malaysia, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Italy. Ambassadors to China visit the HONOR Talents Art Exhibition On December 14, 2023, the annual HONOR Talents art exhibition was opened besides the Canton Tower, co-organized with the InterCulture and Intellisia Institute. Mr. Valerio De Parolis, Consul General of Italy in Guangzhou, Ms. Suraya Binti Ahmad Pauzi, Consul General of Malaysia in Guangzhou, and Dr. Jasmin Gong, Co-Founder of InterCulture, delivered speeches at the opening ceremony. Ambassadors of more than 10 countries such as the United Arab Emirates, Peru, Colombia, Poland, and Thailand and more than a hundred representatives from politics, business, academia and art sectors attended the event to witness the beauty of synergy between art and technology. Some winner representatives from Malaysia, Italy and China were invited to the event to receive the awards, whose family members or friends were also present to celebrate. The exhibition displayed outstanding youth design works from 40 countries, including China, Malaysia, France, Germany, the Czech Republic, Egypt, and Peru. Held at Shenzhen Airport, the global reception hall, this exhibition would witness the beauty of youth artworks with global travelers and provide the most valuable stage for young people to display their design works. This event featured the work of over 50 young designers from Mexico, Peru, China, Japan, Europe, and beyond. Attendees included Mexican representatives from the art, culture, tourism, and education sectors, along with international organizations, partners, universities, and some competitors. During theevent, we awarded official HONOR Talents certificates and prizes to the winning young designers from the Latin American region and invited their friends and family to share this significant moment. The HONOR Talents Global Design Awards launched its Latin American section for the first time in 2023, which drew an impressive array of stunning art pieces from young designers at Mexican and Peruvian universities, offering unique insights into the fusion of cross-cultural technology and creativity. Technology lights up art, HONOR Talents Art Exhibition HONOR ESG Report 2023 89 HONOR Talents Developer Awards is open to all developers to call for attractive and original works with innovation and uniqueness. These works are required to be presented as service cards in a lightweight way. With the theme of Spark Inspiration and Present Imagination, the first HONOR Talents Developer Awards in 2023 encourages young developers to inject innovation and imagination into their designs. This year, the competition attracted 1, 000 developers to participate, of which more than 80 were young people. The competition received about 100 card entries. After evaluation by a professional organizing committee composed of senior experts from HONOR, 52 entries were finally awarded with 7 prizes. Notably, the winner of the Grand Prize received a bonus of RMB 100, 000. Users can make personalized adjustments to the switch color for a refreshing and relaxing experience with sound and dynamic effects. By advocating energy conservation and low carbon, the developer designs the card style as a switch to remind users to turn off lights in time. Such design prompts users to think about climate change and environmental issues and inspires their sense of responsibility for protecting the earth. Top widgets, won the Grand Prize of 2023 HONOR Talents Developer AwardsThe competion attracted more than1, 000 developers More than 80 of participants were young developers HONOR ESG Report 2023 90 Upholding the philosophy of youth empowerment and considering user needs, scenario-based capabilities and current hotspots, HONOR strives to provide a platform for young developers to present their imaginations. In the future, HONOR will continue to work with developers to grow up together. With these efforts, we can provide user-friendly smart scenario-based services for the public, thus creating a new smart lifestyle. Specialized training empowers developers to pursue win-win resultsHONOR is always concerned about the growth and career development of student developers. This year, technical experts of HONOR were invited to provide professional guidance for the competition to protect developers works. For outstanding award-winning works, the competition provides high-exposure resources for recommendation and HONOR s smart services marketing resources for advertisement. Moreover, the HONOR Talents Developer Awards provides interview PASS cards for student developers. With this PASS card, excellent student developers can pass HONOR s general interview in campus recruitment and are more easily able to get offers. HONOR provides young developers with professional guidance on design, development, access configuration and scenario-based operation in the context of HONOR s smart service business. The competition encourages participants to wield creativity in dimensions such as product function development, technological function creation, and technological scenario display based on the functions and features of HONOR MagicOS ecosystem, HONOR phones and full-scenario products. In addition, the competition provides students with opportunities to improve their knowledge and skills so that they can create the future together. After a fierce competition among 5, 300 young students from 150 colleges and universities across China, 12 teams advanced to the semi-finals, of which 4 teams reached the finals. HONOR arranged one-on-one R&D mentors for the 4 teams, to help students improve their works and compete for the first, second and third places. In addition to material incentives, the winner will be supported by an HONOR Talent Program including a PASS card for interview. Participants will also have the opportunity to meet outstanding peers from all over the country. Through team PK, they will break the boundaries of campus and profession. On the sessions, we introduced our 4 root technologies, namely Magic Ring, Magic Live, TurboX, and Magic Guard, facilitating students to better understand the development of the technology industry. In this way, HONOR strives to create the most influential youth empowerment platform in the technology industry. In 2023, the first competition called for original songs, which must have positive content and conform to mainstream aesthetics. To be specific, the songs need to have an appropriate style, and a delicate and impressive musical expression. This year s competition, in collaboration with MUSICACOUSTICA-HANGZHOU and NetEase Cloud Music, invited 25 experts and distinguished guests from the global music industry to form a panel of judges. The competition received a total of 219 entries in different styles, which fully demonstrated the unlimited creativity and passion of contemporary creators. The competition set up a number of individual awards, such as HONOR Originality Future Star, User Favorite Award, and Expert Judge Award, which received great attention and support from the academia and the industry. The competition fully revealed the unlimited creativity and passion of contemporary creators. HONOT Talents Original Music Awards also provides participants with multi-channel exposure and opportunities for face-to-face communication with international masters and HONORed guests. At the competition site, we can listen to music works created by musicians of different nationalities, fields and backgrounds. The competition not only provides an excellent sharing and learning platform for creators, but also makes it possible to explore music in an all-round manner. In the prime of spring, the breeze is caressing and the flowers are blossoming. Green grass is reflecting in the water, people and birds are outing together. All sounds in this work are vocals with no music instrument sound sources. The drumline uses Beatbox and electronically processed body percussion, the Bass is the thick voice of the bass, and the harmonies are provided by the soprano, alto, tenor and baritone. All of the vocal harmonies add up to 17 parts, and the recording takes up nearly 90 tracks. Sweet Dreams in Springtime, created by Chen Guanyu, the First Prize winner of Expert Judge Award This work is mainly composed of the 4 pop elements, i. e., guitar, bass, drums and keyboard harmonies and rhythms, mixed with percussions of accordion, rattles, sand hammers, triangles, and whistles. The sound mix is relatively simple, bringing a sense of lightness and freedom. Creator's perception The pursuit of a music creator is to bring to the listener works that can touch and impress them. Diversified cultural exchanges The Festival Internacional Cervantino is a grand art festival held in Guanajuato, Mexico. In 2023, over 300 thousand people participated in the festival, most of whom are young people aged 24-34. This not only enhances mutual understanding and respect between the two cultures, but also provides a platform for young people to develop an international outlook. The international display of culture makes Mexican youth prouder of their culture and inspires them to protect and carry forward it. During the Festival Internacional Cervantino, we supported the festival operation with our smart devices. In addition to presenting the harmonious fusion of technology and culture, this action made it easier for youth to participate in and enjoy the festival. Cooperation with the Mexican Ministry of Culture - Festival Internacional Cervantino Invited by the Mexican Ministry of Culture, HONOR participated in and sponsored the MONDIACULT event, which not only demonstrated the international influence of HONOR brand, but also provided a platform for HONOR to learn about cultural policies and sustainable development issues in countries worldwide. HONOR Talents, Magic Moments, and Travel in Mexico works were displayed at the cultural exhibition held at the National Palace of Mexico. This exhibition facilitated ministers of culture from 135 countries to learn more about Mexican culture. With these efforts, HONOR enables more young people to directly participate in cultural events and experience different cultures. In the areas of talent recruitment, employee development, remuneration and incentive, and employee care, we have comprehensive human resources management policies, aiming to support HONOR strivers and seek common development. HONOR follows the philosophy of compliant employment. All employees are required to learn the Code of Conduct every year, aiming to create a simple and efficient workplace that is open to innovation and respectful for each other. Moreover, HONOR adopts a fair and reasonable employee evaluation mechanism. All employees are encouraged to play their roles in right positions. Whether you are a member of the society or a student, you can apply to join HONOR by channels of the HONOR Recruitment website, official account, and offline recruitment fairs. As HONOR s globalization continues to accelerate, graduates will also have the opportunity to be dispatched globally to fully realize their unlimited potential. By upholding the philosophy of attracting excellent talents worldwide, in 2023, we won awards such as 2023 MostIn Most Attractive Employers Award, 2023 Employer of Choice and 2023 NFuture Most Preferred Employer for Fresh Technology Graduates. In the future, we expect to explore a bigger world with more ambitious people. Diversified and fair development opportunities to attract more talents Employment In 2023, HONOR has added a total of 1, 700 jobs worldwideHONOR ESG Report 2023 98 HONOR places high value on the career development of our employees. Diversified incentives Clear pathways for promotion and diverse opportunities for development Career paths in management and professional developmentBusiness managers Key business personnelFunctional managers Business specialistsProject managersJunior managers Standards-driven leadership development Qualification-driven rolesEntry-Level employeesTransition opportunities across 10 key talent areas Product technology IT processes and quality operationsMarketing and sales services Legal affairsSupply chain and manufacturing Public relationsProcurement FinanceStrategic management Human resourcesHONOR ESG Report 2023 Become a leader Strategy SeminarsSpecialized training for business managers Empower middle and lower management professionalsAppear as rising stars & Become the best Development program for key positions Training for positions Training for professional skillsEnter the fast track of growth Professional improvement in a specific field Increase general knowledge Independent growth (online offline)180 days of comprehensive training Blend in with company culture Combination of training and practical work Guidance with a mentor99 Talent is the key to our long-term development. With a people-oriented philosophy, we focus on the overall improvement of the professional ability and quality of our staff. In addition to the training courses, we arrange mentors for our staff and encourage them to learn business knowledge and professional skills through learning platforms and activities such as HONOR Academy and HONOR TALK. In addition, we also put emphasis on the actual effect of training. After each training session, we conduct timely survey to obtain feedback from employees to continuously improve the quality of the courses. With these efforts, we strive to efficiently facilitate employee growth. By 2023, our employee learning platform had offered 14, 600 training courses with an average of 51 hours of employee training. Various training, cultivation of people is cultivation of future Employee growth training system, cultivating generals in practice Morning StarRising StarShining StarPolarisLeading Star Morning Star PlanRising Star PlanShining Star PlanPolaris PlanLeading Star Plan Our employee learning platform had offered more than 14, 600 training courses With an average of 51 hours of employee trainingHONOR ESG Report 2023 Embark on a journey as a star Get to know the Company and the industry Enter the workplace To give full play to the advantages of doctoral employees with academic pursuit and broad vision, we fully mobilize internal and external resources, and cooperate with laboratories and technological projects in continuous exploration of new areas. At present, we have developed many courses such as Performance Management, Cross-cultural Management, and Interviews with Gen Z. These courses enable more employees to understand leadership and enhance their leadership skills by learning from practical experience, and ultimately create more value with their elevated leadership. In addition, considering factors such as training progress and job assignment, we develop a multi-dimensional training plan, equipped with career coaches, covering empowerment, assessment, and communication. This plan facilitates a deeper understanding of our business for new employees, thus enabling them to fit into the team more quickly. Outstanding experts in various business areas are invited to give a 15-minute public lecture to share their remarkable insights conducive to the Company s business development that can provide food for thought and motivate action. HONOR TALK HONOR ESG Report 2023 101 HONOR provides a career life with unrestrained and far-ranging exploration. HONOR insists on strivers-oriented concept and caring about employees, and is committed to creating a simple, efficient, and caring working environment for employees. With a focus on employees special needs, HONOR has built platforms such as HONOR Vitality, HONOR Fitness, HONOR Guardian, and HONOR Communication. Diverse care, living a colorful life at HONOR HONOR Fitness Commercial insuranceEmployee checkupGreen channel for medical serviceHealth houseHealth activitiesFree psychological counselingFamily checkup discountEmergency reserve fund13520 first aid systemInternational emergency support HONOR Guardian HONOR Vitality HONOR strives to provide adequate health protection for employees. In 2023, HONOR upgraded the HONOR Fitness employee health management system under the theme of striving for a better future together. In addition to basic social insurance, critical illness insurance, accident insurance, business travel insurance and free medical checkup, we also provide our employees and their relatives with 24 7 free one-on-one professional psychological counseling services to help employees relieve their mental stress. In addition, we continue to build health houses - HONOR medical rooms in various regions across China. The HONOR Fitness activities take place in April every year, continue to provide a wide range of health care activities based our employees needs. To this end, we have carried out various activities, such as the Team Seeding Program that cultivates minds and unites teams, the HONOR Readers activity to read good books together, the HONOR Skipping activity, and the classic tug-of-war. Besides, we invited various professional medical institutions to conduct traditional Chinese medicine consultations, cupping, neck and shoulder massage, vision hearing tests, ECG monitoring, and interpretation of physical examination reports, serving more than 3, 000 people in total. We have conducted over 50 sessions of health promotion campaign online, and established a comprehensive system for cultivating health awareness among all employees with health campaign, health experience and health education as the core, aiming to help employees work healthily and live safely. In HONOR, employees can spontaneously form sports and cultural clubs, and all employees can join these clubs and participate in club activities. In 2023, HONOR s cultural and sports clubs continued to develop. With 8 company-wide cultural and sports clubs as the core, 30 cultural and sports clubs work together to hold more than 150 cultural and sports activities, attracting more than 30, 000 participants. All HONOR employees work together to create a better world with a shared future in a cross-departmental, cross-organizational, cross-regional, and cross-cultural manner. Meanwhile, overseas cultural and sports clubs are also developing rapidly, and these club activities have witnessed harmony and exchange of overseas HONOR staff. In 2023, cultural and sports clubs actively went global and showed the perseverance of HONOR staff on many occasions. At every event, from the 2023 China Masters to the biannual HONOR Shenzhen Marathon and Everyone is HONOR Ambassador campaign, HONOR employees charted wonderful HONOR stories with unswerving passion. HONOR Vitality HONOR Fitness - A unified team of HONOR achievers HONOR Fitness - A plant-filled office corner HONOR Fitness - Jump rope activity HONOR Reading AssociationHONOR Running Association HONOR Dance AssociationHONOR Photography AssociationHONOR Music Association HONOR Badminton AssociationHONOR Basketball AssociationHONOR Football AssociationHONOR ESG Report 2023  104 Loafer and Xiao Yi, engineers of HONOR Health APP, joined the running club. In the HONOR 2023 Shenzhen Marathon, both of them completed the 42. 195 km course. With their steadfast enthusiasm, they composed a motivating sports tale of HONOR employees. Their sports story was reported by the official account Personage, with more than 100 thousand of views. The photography club recruits photographers within or outside the Company. We have launched the HONOR Team Day activity. HONOR always cares for our female employees and has designed nursing rooms in all workplaces to provide a safe place for female employees who are breastfeeding. Moreover, on March 8, Mother s Day, and other women-only holidays, we invited hospitals or institutions with professional qualifications to carry out special health checkups such as breast cancer screening and thyroid screening for female employees to guard their physical and mental health. Our workplace is equipped with resources such as AED first aid equipment and emergency medical kits. In 2023, more than 500 employees joined as first aid volunteers. In this way, we strengthened employees awareness of electricity safety and improved their emergency response ability. During the drill, the emergency team responded quickly and acted efficiently. The on-site medical staff arrived at the scene within 5 minutes and the 120 ambulance staff arrived at the scene within 20 minutes. This drill satisfied the Company s 13520 first aid requirements, thus effectively and efficiently protecting employee health and safety. Emergency response drills protecting employee health and safety HONOR ESG Report 2023 107 Open communication, actively listening to the voices of employees Open innovation is not only a value embraced by HONOR but also an essential way to HONOR s dynamic development. HONOR attaches great importance to communication with employees and continues to improve the employee communication and feedback mechanism. In addition, the Company s business lines are also constantly diversifying employee communication channels. In this way, we have created a two-way communication channel which fosters trust and understanding between our leaders and employees, thereby allowing us to actively listen to the voices of all employees. After receipt of the complaint email and reasonable research and judgement, the complaint incident will be forwarded to the relevant department for processing, and the progress of processing will be followed up in real time. At the same time, we strictly protect the information of whistleblowers, complainants, and others who provide information about the investigation to ensure that they are not subject to retaliation. The personnel involved will also be subject to disciplinary action, or even termination of labor relations. We and the Communist Youth League Committee of Futian District in Shenzhen jointly launched the Light Up Your Dreams book donation program. HONOR s book donations lit up the dreams of children in rural areas. More than 1, 000 HONOR employees donated 1, 928 books to a primary school in Zhongshan County, Hezhou City, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. In 2023, HONOR promoted employee engagement in philanthropic activities to extend our care and goodwill. Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all times HONOR always upholds the concept of being people-oriented, pursues the policy of safety first, caring for employees, and protecting the environment, and fully protects the occupational health and safety of our employees (EHS). We have obtained ISO45001 and ISO14001 certifications and established an EHS management system in strict accordance with the requirements of ISO45001 and ISO14001 standards. We have also formulated the HONOR EHS Management System Guidelines, in a continuous effort to regulate our EHS management. In addition, in order to consolidate the management of EHS work, we have set safety management indicators for employees at all levels in all departments and conducted monthly assessments. EHS Management Framework Company-level EHS CommitteeThe CEO is the head of the committee, which includes the top executives of each business area. With these efforts, we can systematically identify and evaluate the potential impacts of the working conditions on employee health and safety. In view of the large area of the R&D site, the variety of equipment, and the complexity of hazard source categories, we have identified 9 major categories of hazard source scenarios. By implementing the EHS management responsibility, we comprehensively improve our EHS management performance. In 2023, we invited professional third-party EHS agencies to conduct annual supervision and audit on HONOR s dual EHS systems in Xi'an, Beijing, and Shenzhen (Pingshan and Futian). We also invited professional third-party EHS consultants to conduct in-depth and comprehensive work safety inspections on HONOR s 22 different types of premises. We followed up on the handling of issues found through the Company s e-process for closed-loop tracking of audit issues, with a closure rate of 100. The system has such functions as laboratory EHS hidden hazard submission, pushing, rectification, acceptance and inquiry. We realized the whole-process closed-loop investigation and management of EHS hidden hazards via the system. In 2023, we further improved the laboratory EHS management document system. We formulated and improved 14 management documents, covering 9 aspects such as 8S management, protective equipment, hidden hazard inspection, and comprehensive EHS management. We integrated the document requirements with the assessment, reward and punishment mechanisms to reinforce the document and policy implementation. In 2023, we identified a total of 1, 024 potential risks during EHS inspections, which were then 100 eliminatedHONOR ESG Report 2023 112 In HONOR Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park, we develop a safety culture with safety-inspired leadership and full participation as the core, continue the safety process index monitoring, safety incentives, and other mechanisms, and continuously improve the work safety responsibility system for all staff. In this way, we manage potential safety risks effectively. In 2023, we further improved our manufacturing safety management system, developed an intelligent safety risk management platform, and launched a manufacturing safety technology project. With these efforts, we achieved the goal of zero safety accident in the workplace. Safety management system In addition to the existing ISO45001 safety management system, we have introduced the work safety standardization and industry-renowned safety management theories. These measures strengthen the on-site implementation of the safety management system. Park safety risk management platform We have developed a safety risk management platform covering HONOR Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park. Safety technology project Considering the main safety risks of manufacturing, we have conducted an insightful study on the safety technologies involved. HONOR implements the EHS concept to fully enhance employees EHS awareness. In 2023, we urged local branches to conduct regular EHS seminars for employee representatives for positive EHS communication. We conducted monthly training for laboratory managers nationwide, covering EHS basics, fire safety, electricity safety, hazardous chemicals, and X-ray radiation. We invited professional third-party agencies to conduct special EHS training, aiming to enhance the EHS awareness, knowledge, and skills of key personnel. In 2023, we conducted Safety Leadership training for EHS managers, with more than 60 participants. For full-time and part-time EHS staff, we conducted training on 9 topics, including Hazard Source Identification, Evaluation and Control and EHS Laws & Regulations and Compliance Evaluation. Such training effectively improved the professionalism and risk identification ability of front-line EHS managers. Safety video We launched the EHS learning quiz activity on the HONOR Academy platform, and 1, 251 employees participated in the quizzes. Safety quiz We held a debate on employee health and safety. Participants engaged in an exciting debate on the importance of safety policies and safety awareness. Such debate fully enhanced their knowledge and understanding of safety management. Safety responsibility letter signing We insisted on the implementation of safety management requirements and organized fire emergency drills at each office site every year to improve employees response and escape abilities. These drills fully strengthened emergency and safety management. Safety drill In 2023, we have issued and implemented the Hidden EHS Hazard Prevention and Control Incentive Policy. In 2023, a total of 199 hidden safety hazards were identified by employees, with a correction rate of 100. We fully mobilized employees to actively participate in the supervision of EHS hazards and created an atmosphere of full participation in the safety culture. Safety hazard reporting In 2023, HONOR successfully reached the EHS goals of no serious injuries and fatal workplace accidents, no occupational diseases, no environmental pollution accidents, no fires, and no EHS-related government administrative penalties. We shared the results of mineral supply chain due diligence management with stakeholders 100 The greenhouse gas survey covered over 100 suppliers116 Harmony Industry Development Green supply chain Protect the environment as our responsibility, improve the environmental awareness of suppliers, and promote green development across the supply chainHONOR ESG Report 2023 Highlights 260, 000 On-site assessment covered over 260, 000 industry chain employees 117 Labor rights Free choice of employment, prohibition of child labor, wages and benefits, anti-discrimination and freedom of association. Supplier CSR management Parts of sustainable development issues covered by the Supplier CSR Code of Conduct HONOR lays stress on the sustainable development of the supply chain and integrates CSR into the whole life cycle management of suppliers, including supplier onboarding, evaluation, and performance management. In line with relevant regulations, customer requirements, international standards such as ISO14001, ISO45001 and ISO26000, industry standards and industry best practices, we have developed the Supplier CSR Code of Conduct to specify the standards for supplier management in areas such as labor rights, health and safety, environmental protection, business ethics, and management systems. Suppliers must pass ISO14001 environmental management system and ISO45001 occupational health management system certification, and have no major negative events in labor, occupational health and safety, and environment in the past two years. In addition to requiring new suppliers to meet the qualification requirements, we will also set up a system certification team to conduct on-site audits of suppliers for quality, process, CSR, information security, and other systems. In addition, we spread HONOR's CSR management requirements to our suppliers, have the Supplier CSR Agreement signed by them, and ensure their compliance with the HONOR Supplier Social Responsibility Code of Conduct. Supplier onboarding Qualified suppliers of HONORQSA QPA CSREnvironmentally friendly productInformation securityPrivacy protection Cybersecurity Supplier assessment HONOR conducts supplier CSR risk assessment in accordance with laws and regulations, customer requirements, material category, processes (including chemicals), use of labor and performance evaluation results in previous years. The assessment results will be classified as high, medium and low risk. In 2023, HONOR conducted risk assessment for 100 of major suppliers. From 2021 to 2023, over 80 of suppliers of key CSR product categories received on-site audits, and all identified issues were resolved. The CSR performance of suppliers is divided into four grades, which are excellent, good, qualified, and unqualified. The performance assessment results are then integrated into HONOR's project selection, bidding, and supplier portfolio management. Suppliers that demonstrate superior performance are given precedence in receiving business collaboration opportunities. Conversely, suppliers whose performance falls short may see a reduction in their purchase shares or business collaboration chances, or we may even decide to cease our partnership with them. Supplier training To further improve supplier management, HONOR arranges personnel to be present at the supplier site. For problems, difficulties, and pain points in supplier CSR management, HONOR organizes experts for special guidance, draws on quality management methods and tools, and refers to excellent practices in the industry to discuss improvement plans with suppliers and develop and implement targeted corrective and preventive measures. In addition, we regularly conduct empowerment training, covering areas such as CSR knowledge, auditing skills, product environmental protection knowledge, EHS laws and regulations, ompliance assessment, ISO28000 supply chain security management system, and QC080000 internal auditor training. In 2023, over 280 procurement TQC team members participated in these sessions in 2023, achieving 100 engagement across relevant personnel. In October 2023, we invited over 100 key suppliers to the Compliant CSR Management Seminar, where we shared HONOR's compliance requirements, and CSR methods and requirements with them, and underscored a zero-tolerance stance on critical CSR issues to help suppliers improve compliance and CSR management capabilities. Suppliers CSR issues Health and safetyBusiness ethicsLabor rights33 39 12 1 15 Environmental protectionManagement system100 resolvedHONOR ESG Report 2023 120 Protect the legitimate rights of workers HONOR pays attention to protecting the legitimate rights of workers and strictly prohibits the use of child labor, forced labor, and other forms of inhumane treatment. In addition, we actively engage third-party authoritative auditors to evaluate our suppliers labor right practices and work together with suppliers to protect the legitimate rights of workers, so as to effectively fulfill our labor protection obligations. Our aim is to enable everyone in the industry chain to work decently, thereby improving the sustainable development in the supply chain. HONOR values the work experience of entry-level workers at suppliers. In 2023, over 450 employees participated in the on-site interviews. More than 260, 000 industry chain employees have been covered. Suppliers are also required to analyze reasons of resignation to better understand employees' demands and expectations, thereby reducing employee turnover. employees were covered by interviews in 2023 260, 000 industry chain employees have been covered HONOR ESG Report 2023 121 Strictly manage health and safety in the workplace HONOR prohibits any operational conditions and factors that seriously endanger the life and safety or health of workers. Besides, we have developed the chemical management requirements in our manufacturing process to safeguard workers' health and safety. In addition, we encourage suppliers to invite independent agencies to conduct health and safety management assessments of factories. These assessments include but not limited to evaluation of current safety situation, current occupational disease hazards, fire safety, electrical safety inspection, fire safety detection and lightening protection detection. HONOR requires suppliers to comply with regulatory requirements, obtain emission permits and other necessary environmental permits, optimize the process to reduce pollutants, and maintain environmental facilities in good condition, to ensure that pollutants meet the emission standards. In addition to effective control of pollutants in their factories, suppliers need to supervise the environmental status of upstream factories in the supply chain, especially those involving environmental high-risk processes, such as electroplating, painting, and etching, to ensure that they operate with compliance. In addition, we invite third-party professional agencies to conduct environmental assessments of suppliers to help them understand the impact of their operations on the environment and encourage them to set carbon reduction targets, conduct carbon inventories, save energy, and reduce emissions. In 2023, we encouraged over 100 suppliers to complete the HONOR Greenhouse Gas Questionnaire, and required them to conduct inventories for the Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions of their factories. Under our guidance, suppliers take proactive steps to pass international standard certification, such as ISO14064, green factory certification and ISO50001, so as to improve their green environmental protection management. Since 2022, we have invited over 100 suppliers annually to the HONOR Supply Chain Carbon Management Seminar to share our dual carbon management requirements and to encourage them to establish carbon reduction targets and take concrete actions. In October 2023, in cooperation with professional agencies, we organized the HONOR Supply Chain Dual-Carbon Management Empowerment Seminar. Over 270 participants jointly discussed topics such as global dual-carbon policies, industry best practice, the use of carbon inventory tools, and green factory management. In the future, we look forward to exploring practical carbon reduction measures and action plans with suppliers and ushering in the new chapter of low-carbon development together. The company takes various measures to reduce supply chain emissions, obtain product carbon footprint certification, and build zero-carbon industrial parks. As a key business partner of HONOR, the Sunwoda team actively communicates with us to discuss progress and plans for carbon emission reduction and share the achievements and concept of green development. After Sunwoda optimized the pipeline layout of the exhaust fan system and installed the tubular workshop exhaust fan, the power was decreased to 320 W. Sunwoda also shut down the 11 kW exhaust fan on the roof while retaining only the active carbon filter function, which reduced energy consumption by nearly 10 kW. Optimize lighting in the pad printing workshop Before optimization, the lighting rate on the manual line and material storage area was high due to layout in the pad printing workshop. After optimization, 40 lamps were reduced on the manual line, and the lighting control was improved for 160 lamps in the material storage area. After improvement, the vacuum generator was removed, with vacuum being directly provided by the vacuum pump. Only the electromagnetic valve is needed to control the entry of vacuum air source, thereby avoiding leakage of compressed air. In 2023, the Sunwoda park where the HONOR production line operated implemented multiple energy saving and carbon reduction measures, including optimizing exhaust system, upgrading operation process of the mechanical arm, and improving lighting system in the park and workshop areas, which reduced 213. 5 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions. With reference to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Due Diligence Guidelines for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals, HONOR has established and continuously improved the supply chain responsible mineral management system. Responsible raw material management 52 10 24 14 Gold Tantalum Tin TungstenThe supply chain mineral due diligence covers 100 of production suppliers and 300 smelters and refineries Percentage of metals in HONOR's supply chain due diligence in 2023HONOR ESG Report 2023 125 Win-win cooperation Based on open innovation, HONOR aims for synergy and mutual assistance by leveraging its own strengths along with global advantages and complementary industry chain resources. Without the capacity of technological innovation to promote the coordinated development across the supply chain, companies risk falling into low-level competition and undermining brand value. In addition to continuous improvement in key technologies such as photography, operation system optimization, privacy security protection, battery technology and communication technology, we also leverage our own patent technologies to maintain our brand quality and advantages. HONOR's intelligent manufacturing experience and infrastructure extend beyond our own factories, influencing and empowering the entire industry chain through close collaboration between HONOR and upstream and downstream business partners. For upstream production and material suppliers, HONOR enables quality monitoring and warning for their materials, processing and manufacturing processes with data by integrating advanced equipment and testing tools. For downstream factories of mass production, HONOR provides production equipment and dispatches engineer teams to offer on-site technological support. In addition, in terms of digitalization, the underlying layer of intelligent manufacturing, HONOR also strives to extend the data monitoring scope to the upstream and downstream industry chain. At present, our digital control rate of key equipment is 100 and networking rate of key equipment is 95 in our Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park. Our Big Data Quality Warning System for Global Testing has realized end-to-end quality warning for suppliers' materials, processing and manufacturing processes. The quality warning coverage extends from manufacturing to upstream R&D, procurement industry chain, and market customer, driving the transition of quality management from post-event interception to pre-event forecasting and prevention. It requires co-creation of common value through shared strategic vision and mutually compatible directions. Past experience of HONOR shows that at the heart of our approach lies in the business partnership featuring win-win cooperation. While continuously optimizing our own products and services, we also actively cooperate with external partners to break the barriers between industry, academia, and research, and create a future-oriented technological ecosystem together. As a personalized all-scenario operation system empowered by AI, HONOR MagicOS has created a powerful integrated central business platform based on four technologies, enabling us to conduct extensive cooperation with partners in the application ecosystem at the upper level. Through collaborative projects, the alliance strives to assist companies in improving their ESG governance to help pursue green, sustainable, and high-quality development based on their needs for development. CODE is committed to promoting and implementing principles of openness to expand consumer choices, stimulate continuous innovation, and break down technological barriers. Under the leadership of industry leaders, CODE is setting out to establish digital ecosystems through cross-industry collaboration, thereby fostering seamless interaction between different operating systems. This ensures that consumers can effortlessly select any device and service, while enjoying digital services with high-quality experience, function, security, and privacy. Launched by companies such as Google, Qualcomm, and Meta, CODE represents a joint effort within the ecosystem aimed at providing innovative, safe, and reliable products for consumers and businesses alike. The Board of Directors is responsible for regularly reviewing and overseeing the Company s overall compliance management. The CEO regularly reviews the Compliance Committee s report on the work progress. The Compliance Committee is responsible for formulating compliance management strategy and operating mechanism, serving as the decision-making body for daily compliance management and being accountable for the outcomes of the Company s efforts. The compliance management members, consisting of the Departments of Compliance and Legal Affairs, Privacy Protection and Compliance, as well as the compliance officers of businesses on both local and global levels, jointly support the development and operation of the Company s compliance system, and fulfill the responsibility of daily compliance management implementation. By integrating the key compliance control measures in the current processes and business, the Company efficiently facilitates online, visualized, and systematic operation of compliance management work, effectively controlling and preventing compliance risks. Compliance management system construction HONOR Three-line defense of compliance Supervision Compliance Business CommitteeThird Line of Defense Supervision of compliance management Compliance Committee Chief Compliance Officer Compliance COESecond Line of Defense Establishing and improving compliance management and providing professional support Business Managers and Business Areas Regional Compliance OfficersFirst Line of Defense Assuming compliance responsibility in front-line operations HONOR ESG Report 2023 131 Based on all applicable laws and regulations, commitments, and business scenarios involved, HONOR conducts a wide range of compliance practices in such areas as trade compliance, business secrets protection, privacy protection, anti-bribery, financial compliance, competition law, cyber security, and employment. The Ethics Compliance Committee is responsible for tracking report progress. The reporters information is strictly protected. Any employee who retaliates against reporters will be disciplined, and those with severe circumstances will be dismissed. HONOR integrates trade compliance into its daily operations and sets up management requirements in each business sector to conduct business in compliance with laws and regulations. Through the establishment of a trade compliance screening system, creation of export control assessment mechanisms, and provision of compliance empowerment and training, along with regular compliance inspections, we effectively institute a trade compliance control mechanism, guaranteeing strict adherence to trade compliance management standards. Best practices of HONOR compliance management Trade compliance HONOR reinforces its integrity compliance system by adopting a zero tolerance policy towards any form of commercial bribery and corruption. These policies clearly define the Company s general principles, management mechanisms, and expense standards for gift receiving, social interactions, and external donations to effectively prevent the Company s commercial bribery behavior. In addition, we organized compliance training for all employees, covering more than 13, 000 employees and representing a coverage rate of 100. Anti-bribery and anti-corruption Respecting and protecting the business secrets of others is a fundamental business principle at HONOR. Business secrets protectionHONOR ESG Report 2023 132 HONOR stands against any exclusions, restriction of competition, restrictions of competition, and unfair competition, and believes that free competition helps us improve efficiency and the ability to innovate and deliver better products and services. For this purpose, HONOR has formulated the Compliance Regulations on Competition Law which restricts employees from engaging in price control, commercial defamation and other behaviors that undermine market competition. Competition compliance HONOR complies with all applicable regulations and laws on financial sanctions, anti-money laundering, and anti-terrorist financing as well as resolutions of international organizations. The Administrative Regulations on Financial Compliance is a guiding document directing HONOR to combat financial sanctions, money laundering and terrorist financing. It clarifies the Company s zero tolerance attitude in this regard and requires each business unit to take part in identifying and assessing related risks and implementing control measures in sales, procurement, finance, and supply chain, so as to control any potential risks before, during, and after business cooperation from the dimensions of country region, cooperation subject and capital arrangement. Financial sanctions & anti-money laundering Anti-terrorist financing HONOR strictly abides by applicable national and regional laws, regulations, standards, and norms on cyber security. With our complete secure development process, norms and tool chains, we conduct threat analysis, security design, security coding, and security testing during the entire process to ensure product safety and quality. In addition, HONOR has also established an end-to-end bug management process that follows the principles of comprehensiveness, accuracy and timeliness to proactively collect, handle, fix and disclose bugs to ensure user safety. Cyber security HONOR has always been aiming to recruit and cultivate outstanding talents, upholding the inclusive, equal and respectful recruitment principles, and incorporating anti-discrimination, anti-harassment and anti-forced labor into the HONOR Code of Conduct. For employees with physical disabilities, we provide a barrier-free office environment for them and assist in applying for allowances to make their lives more convenient. Labor and employmentHONOR ESG Report 2023 133 HONOR attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property. For example, the monthly average number of new patent applications by HONOR in China is more than 300, of which invention patents account for more than 90. Intellectual property Number of patents applied worldwide as of 2023 Number of patents granted worldwide as of 2023 21, 000 9, 700 HONOR ESG Report 2023 134 HONOR attaches importance to the cultivation of professional talents in compliance. In 2023, HONOR conducted a comprehensive and multi-level compliance training program for all employees Compliance capability building Employee training Compliance culture promotionCompliance training for new employees To enhance the professionalism of compliance practitioners, the Company adopts both online and offline approaches for their certification training, facilitating interaction with external experts for an exchange of industry best practices. In addition, the Company invited experts from the British Standards Institution (BSI) to provide practical training on compliance management systems for compliance practitioners. In 2023, nearly 30 employees were certified as Compliance Officers by BSI. In 2023, we completed the structural design of the compliance knowledge map, established and launched a compliance knowledge community, and conducted 13 compliance publicity activities for employees through the compliance official account to create a compliance learning atmosphere.. Training for compliance practitioners We also emphasize the training for management personnel who shoulder the responsibilities as role models at HONOR. In 2023, we conducted 15 sessions of compliance training for them to underline the importance of compliance. Compliance training for management teamHONOR ESG Report 2023 135 HONOR fulfills its responsibility as a corporate citizen. With tech for good in mind, we are delving deeper into information accessibility and promoting the sound development of the field. We, together with our partners, will also adhere to high standards of environmental protection and business ethics and build a sustainable and harmonious industrial chain to share the fruits of HONOR s development. Reporting scope and boundary Unless otherwise stated this report covers the business scope of HONOR Device Co., Ltd. and all its subsidiaries. Reporting reference This report is prepared in accordance with the principles of reliability, transparency and objectivity, and is based on the Global Reporting Initiative Reporting Standards (hereinafter GRI Standards ), the ISO 26000 Social Accountability Standards of the International Standard Organization, and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) Appellation description For ease of reading and presentation, HONOR, the Company, we, our, or us in this report all refer to Honor Device Co., Ltd. The electronic version of this report can be obtained through the HONOR ESG official website. For printing, we recommend using recycled paper and eco-friendly inks. Adhered to equal and diversified employment policies, and protect the legal rights and interests of employment; Cared for female employees and provide multiple welfare measures to protect the legal rights and interests of female employment. Advocated green operations and water conservation for employees; Strictly controlled sewage treatment and discharge to ensure sewage is discharged in a suitable manner. Delivered smart wearable devices that help monitor and improve user's physical and mental health, and provide exercise guidance as well; Provided employees with a wide range of cultural and sports activities and welfare care and established a comprehensive occupational health and safety management system, to ensure their health and safety in the workplace; Conducted empowerment training and periodic reviews to enhance the health and safety management of supplier partners. Goal 7 Affordable and Clean Energy Goal 8 Decent Work and Economic GrowthEnvironmental Youth Empowerment Employee DevelopmentHarmony Industry Development Tech For Good Employee Development Environmental Harmony Industry DevelopmentEnvironmental Privacy and Security Tech For Good Youth EmpowermentHarmony Industry DevelopmentSet a 5-year clean energy usage target and promised to use 100 renewable energy by 2045; Installed a distributed photovoltaic power plant at the Pingshan plant in Shenzhen, which is expected to provide the plant with 700 thousand kWh of clean electricity annually; Purchased international green power certificates to support the development of clean energy. Promoted low-carbon transportation by optimizing transportation routes to reduce greenhouse gas emissions; Promoted paperless services in stores to reduce paper used in the service process; Chose eco-friendly buildings as office locations to enhance energy efficiency; Actively cooperated with industry chain partners to promote coordinated development. Goal 9 Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure Goal 10 Reduced Inequality Goal 11 Sustainable Cities and CommunitiesHONOR ESG Report 2023 SDGs Chapters Our Contributions and Achievements 148 Goal 12 Responsible Consumption and ProductionEnvironmental Privacy and Security Employee DevelopmentHarmony Industry DevelopmentResponsible Governance Privacy and Security Tech for goodYouth empowermentHarmony Industry DevelopmentResponsible GovernanceEnvironmental Harmony Industry DevelopmentPromoted de-plasticization in packaging and implemented the use of biodegradable and eco-friendly materials; Created green products and continuously produce more durable, energy efficient, repairable, recyclable products; HONOR intelligent manufacturing factory adopted advanced automation technology and equipment to achieve efficient and green production. Continuously improved a privacy protection system to safeguard data for users and partners; Established a complete compliance system to ensure that the Company complies with the laws and regulations of the countries and regions in which it operates. Assisted industry and regulatory agencies in formulating standards to contribute to the healthy development of the industry; Cooperated with multiple institutions to empower young designers; Joined a variety of sustainability associations and initiatives and worked with partners to promote fair cooperation. Goal 13 Climate Action Goal 16 Peace, Justice, and Strong Institutions Goal 17 Partnerships for the GoalsHONOR ESG Report 2023 SDGs Chapters Our Contributions and Achievements 149 Port Metrics Index GRI Standard Category Disclosure Disclosure itemsChapter in this report GRI 2 The organization and its reporting practices 2021GRI 2-1 GRI 2-2GRI 2-3GRI 2-4About HONORAbout this ReportAbout this ReportAbout this Report GRI 2-6 GRI 2-7GRI 2-8 GRI 2-9 GRI 2-10GRI 2-11GRI 2-21 GRI 3-1 GRI 3-2GRI 3-3Process to determine material topicsList of material topicsManagement of material topicsMaterial IssuesMaterial IssuesESG Governance Best practices of HONOR compliance managementGRI 2-22 GRI 2-27 GRI 2-28About HONOR ESG Key Performance IndicatorsESG Key Performance Indicators ESG Governance ESG Governance HONOR ESG Report 2023 Restatements of information Activities, value chain and other business relationships Employees Workers who are not employees Governance structure and composition Nomination and selection of the highest governance body Chair of the highest governance body Annual total compensation ratio Statement on sustainable development strategy Compliance with laws and regulations Membership associationsReporting period, frequency and contact pointEntities included in the organization's sustainability reportingOrganizational details GRI 2 Activities and workers 2021 GRI 2 Strategy, policies and practices 2021 GRI 3 Disclosures on material topicsGRI 2 Governance 2021 GRI 2 Strategy, policies and practices 20212023 ESG Key Achievement and HONOR Moment Green partners, build a green business ecosystem Build privacy and security ecosystem with stakeholders Industrial cooperation for common progress GRI 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagementStakeholder Engagement and Communication Stakeholder Engagement and Communication 150 GRI 201 Economic Performance 2016 GRI 205 Anti-corruption 2016 GRI 206 Anti-competitive Behavior 2016HONOR ESG Report 2023 GRI 201-1 GRI 201-2 GRI 201-3GRI 201-4 GRI 205-1 GRI 205-2 GRI 205-3 GRI 206-1 Our climate actionDirect economic value generated and distributed Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plansDiversified and fair development opportunities to attract more talents Financial assistance received from government Operations assessed for risks related to corruptionBest practices of HONOR compliance management Best practices of HONOR compliance management Best practices of HONOR compliance management Out Climate Action ESG Key Performance Indicators Out Climate Action ESG Key Performance Indicators Out Climate Action ESG Key Performance Indicators Out Climate Action ESG Key Performance Indicators Out Climate Action ESG Key Performance IndicatorsEnergy consumption inside of the organization Energy consumption outside of the organization Energy intensity Reduction of energy consumption Reductions in energy requirements of products and servicesCompliance capability buildingCommunication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices GRI 301 Materials 2016 GRI 302 Energy 2016GRI 301-1 GRI 301-2GRI 301-3 GRI 302-1 GRI 302-2GRI 302-3GRI 302-4GRI 302-5Innovation in green products Innovation in green productsInnovation in green productsMaterials used by weight or volume Recycled input materials used Reclaimed products and their packaging materials Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standardsInteractions with water as a shared resource Management of water discharge- related impacts Water withdrawal Water discharge Water consumptionGRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018GRI 303-1 GRI 303-2GRI 303-3GRI 303-4GRI 303-5GRI Standard Category Disclosure Disclosure itemsChapter in this report 151 GRI 304 Biodiversity 2016 GRI 305 Emissions 2016HONOR ESG Report 2023 GRI 304-2 GRI 304-3 GRI 304-4 GRI 305-1 GRI 305-2GRI 305-3GRI 305-4 GRI 305-5 GRI 305-6GRI 305-7Innovation in green products Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity Habitats protected or restored IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by operations Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions ESG Key Performance Indicators ESG Key Performance Indicators ESG Key Performance Indicators Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standardsWaste generation and significant waste-related impacts Management of significant waste-related impacts Waste generated Waste diverted from disposal Waste diverted from disposalESG Key Performance Indicators Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions GHG emission intensity Reduction of GHG emissionsESG Key Performance Indicators GRI 306 Waste -2020GRI 306-1 GRI 306-2GRI 306-3 GRI 306-4 GRI 306-5Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards ESG Key Performance IndicatorsEmissions of ozone-depletingsubstances (ODS) Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions Supplier CSR management ESG Key Performance Indicators Supplier CSR management ESG Key Performance Indicators ESG Key Performance Indicators Diverse care, living a colorful life at HONOR New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken New employee hires and employee turnover Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees Parental leaveGRI Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016 GRI 401 Employment 2016GRI 308-1 GRI 308-2 GRI 401-1 GRI 401-2 GRI 401-3GRI Standard Category Disclosure Disclosure itemsChapter in this report 152 HONOR ESG Report 2023 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 2018GRI 403-1 GRI 403-2 GRI 403-3 GRI 403-4 GRI 403-5 GRI 403-6 GRI 403-7 GRI 403-8 GRI 403-9 GRI 403-10Occupational health and safety management system Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Occupational health services Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety Worker training on occupational health and safety ESG Key Performance Indicators ESG Key Performance Indicators ESG Key Performance Indicators Average hours of training per year per employee Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews Diversity of governance bodies and employees Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to menPromotion of worker health Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system GRI 404 Training and Education 2016 GRI 405 Diversity and equal opportunity 2016 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment 2016GRI 404-1 GRI 404-2 GRI 404-3Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all timesWork-related injuries Work-related ill health Diversified and fair development opportunities to attract more talents Innovation for intelligent manufacturing with high standards Supplier CSR management ESG Key Performance Indicators Supplier CSR management ESG Key Performance IndicatorsIncidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions takenGRI 406 Non-discrimination 2016 GRI 408 Child Labor 2016 GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016GRI 406-1 GRI 408-1GRI 409-1 GRI 414-1 GRI 414-2GRI 405-1 GRI 405-2GRI Standard Category Disclosure Disclosure itemsChapter in this report Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all times Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all times Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all times Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all times Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all times Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all times Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all timesEmployee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all times Employee health and safety, safeguarding employees at all times GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety 2016 GRI 418 Customer Privacy 2016Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categoriesInnovation in green productsTechnology, leads a healthier lifeGRI 416-1 Incidents of non-compliance concerningthe health and safety impacts of products and servicesInnovation in green productsTechnology, leads a healthier lifeGRI 416-2 Substantiated complaints concerningbreaches of customer privacy and losses of customer dataESG Key Performance Indicators GRI 418-1153 HONOR ESG Report 2023 GRI Standard Category Disclosure Disclosure itemsChapter in this report Honor Device Co., Ltd. 