Sustainability Report China Mengniu Dairy Company LimitedStock Code 2319 GREEN Q BRC GS A Reporting Period This report covers the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, with some content and data going back to previous years as appropriate. Organizational Coverage Unless otherwise specified, the disclosure scope of this report is consistent with the scope of the 2022 annual report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited, including its affiliated branches, subsidiaries and affiliates. Publication China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Sustainability Report (2022) is the eleventh non-financial report issued by the Company. References This report was prepared in accordance with Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( HKEX ) Main Board Listing Rules and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)'s Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ). This report responds to and adheres to following Reporting Principles. Materiality The report has identified key stakeholders and their ESG topics in the preparation process and making targeted disclosures in this report according to the relative importance of their concerns. Quantitative This report adopts quantitative information to disclose the key performance indicators ( KPI ) in the environmental and social aspects. The measurement standards, methods, hypothesis and or calculation tools, and the source of conversion coefficient used for the KPIs are explained in their respective paragraphs. Consistency The data disclosed in this report follows the same statistical method as previous years, and explanations have been made for individual changes to ensure the principle of consistency. Abbreviations For ease of presentation and readability, China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited is also referred to as Mengniu, the Group, the Company and We in this report. Data Sources All information and data quoted in this report are from official documents, statistical reports, and financial reports of the Company. The material in this report has been provided by Mengniu employees and partners, and is only used for the disclosure of Mengniu's sustainability management progress, not for commercial purposes. In case of inconsistency, please refer to the simplified Chinese version as it shall prevail. comAbout This Report 84 91 96Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation Appendix 117 121 126 129Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards Mengniu Key Sustainability Performance Data List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems Message from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Pro le Corporate Culture Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 2022 ESG Performance Highlights06 08 10 11 12 14Employee Well-Being Rural Revitalization Charity34 48 51Responsibility- Common Prosperity Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle56 71 78Environment- Carbon Net-Zero 102 110 115Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good ServicesNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive 22 28 29ESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsGovernance- Sustainability mL A r l a Contents 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyStatement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Message from the CEO Message from the CEO Upholding GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy and Co-creating a Resilient Future of the Dairy Industry Jeffrey, Minfang Lu CEO and Executive Director 7 6The year 2022 is a year full of challenges and courage to move forward. The overlapping of various global uncertainties has posed a serious challenge to the sustainable development of mankind. Mengniu, as the national team of China's dairy industry, endeavors to promote the Creating a New Mengniu strategy to drive the high-quality development of the whole industry chain, boost the revitalization of the dairy industry and meet people's aspiration for a better life. In the past year, Mengniu fully addressed its born to excel spirit in business development, demonstrated strong resilience in business development with constant growth of its core business performance and successfully became one of the top seven in the global dairy industry. This not only validates the correctness of the Mengniu strategy and the team's strong execution, but also strengthens the Company's determination to drive sustainable development together with industry partners. Through the efforts of recent years, Mengniu has gradually established an ESG management system, clarified the ESG strategic path, continuously improved ESG key issues, and formed a cross-organizational and departmental force for sustainable development. We have achieved outstanding results and been recognized by domestic and international authorities for several times. In 2022, Mengniu MSCI ESG rating was upgraded to A level. In addition, Mengniu was included as the constituent of Hang Seng Sustainability Corporate Index, ranked first in the SASAC Central Enterprise ESG Pioneer 50 Index. This year, Mengniu continued to improve the GREEN Sustainable D evelopment Strategy System, optimized the collaborative network for sustainable development, clarified phased strategic goals, and further promoted the implementation of GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy issues. We also transmitted the concept and methods of ESG governance and corporate social and environmental responsibility to the our value chain partners. Meanwhile, Mengniu insisted on innovative practices, built a number of zero-carbon emission factories, zero waste to landfill management factories, and carried out innovative sustainable projects to continuously lead the industry, such as green packaging, biodiversity protection, responsible supply chain management, and green marketing. Mengniu commits to implementing the goal to achieve carbon neutrality in the value chain by 2050 and elevates forest protection to a critical action, unswervingly upholds the green and sustainable development path with ecology as priority. From the perspective of the dairy industry, we perceive two fundamental sustainability issues. On the one hand, the livestock industry, as one of the main sources of agricultural carbon emissions, accounts for 15 of the global total carbon emissions, but so far, there is no particularly effective carbon reduction program. On the other hand, the global food security crisis has yet to be completely resolved, and the nutritional needs of developing countries are still rising. Dairy products continue to be responsible for meeting human nutritional needs. In the future, adhering to the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy with five pillars of Governance-Sustainability, Responsibility-Common Prosperity, Environment-Carbon Net-Zero, Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable and Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive as directions, Mengniu will take technological innovation and consumer advocacy as driving force to become a more sustainable enterprise, and collaborate with the industrial chain ecosystem to protect the common health of mankind and the planet. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableStatement of the Board Statement of the Board overall strategy. This year, in response to important ESG topics such as low-carbon development and responsible procurement, the Company established an cross-function task force to regularly report progress to the Sustainable Development Committee. The Sustainable Development Committee periodically monitors and reviews the achievement of relevant ESG goals in the GREEN strategy. Mengniu attaches great importance to the potential significant impacts that ESG risks and opportunities may have on the Company, continuously evaluates the possibility and extent of such risks and opportunities, and develops plans and measures to mitigate ESG risks associated with the business operations. The Board of Directors participates in the evaluation of ESG risks and opportunities, and oversees the effective operation of the Company's ESG risk management and internal control systems. This report discloses in detail the progress and effectiveness of Mengniu's ESG work in 2022, which has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on March 29, 2023. Mengniu recognizes the importance of environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues for the long-term and stable operation of the Company, highly values sustainable development management, and has established an effective ESG governance mechanism. The Sustainable Development Committee participates in the evaluation of the identification results of important ESG topics, regularly reviews the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy of Mengniu, and guides the undertaking of the GREEN strategy and the Company's 9 8 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableCorporate Culture Corporate Profile VisionMission Core ValuesThe Mengniu Spirit Consumers are at the heart of all our decisions Creative solution wins the future Empower and inspire talents to succeed Our integrity and honesty support our continued success From the grasslands across the world, Mengniu products nourish and are loved by over 2 billion consumers around the worldBorn to excel, constantly strive for self-improvementEvery drop of nutrition makes every life thrive A r l a mL Corporate Profile China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (Stock Code 2319) is a leading dairy company, ranking among the top seven dairy companies in the world. In 2022, the Company's revenue reached RMB 92, 593 million. Mengniu also actively deploys high-quality milk sources overseas, owning raw milk processor Burra Foods and organic infant food seller Bellamy's in Australia. The Company continuously improves its quality management system of the entire industry chain from pasture to milk cup, covering breeding, production, processing, logistics and other links with digital and intelligent means, with full closure monitoring of production and dynamic inspection of the whole process, to ensure that every product is of excellent quality and superior quality. Mengniu's first-class quality and brand value are widely recognized at home and abroad. Mengniu aligns with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and has gradually improved its GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, focusing on five directions Governance-Sustainability, Responsibility-Common Prosperity, Environment-Carbon Net- Zero, Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable, and Nutrition-Supreme & Inclusive, to comprehensively promote GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, to boost the revitalization of the dairy industry, to assist rural revitalization and realize common prosperity through revitalization of the dairy industry. Mengniu releases industry-leading dual-carbon strategic goals of achieving carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality in the whole industry chain by 2050, actively helps the country achieve its dual-carbon goals, and promotes the sustainable development transformation of the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain. During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, Mengniu, standing at a new stage of development, will lead in the construction of a new paradigm of development of China's dairy industry and formulate its strategic plan of Creating a New Mengniu, striving to develop into a Mengniu beloved by consumers, an international Mengniu, a Mengniu with strong sense of responsibility, a Mengniu with strong cultural gene, and a digitalized Mengniu. Corporate Culture 11 10 12 13 2022 Performance HighlightsMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 3. 2g 3. 2g 3. 2g 3. 2g A r l a mL Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy Mengniu has always taken Promise a Healthier World as its vision, and taken More Nutritious Products, A Better Life, A More Sustainable Planet as our sustainability mission. In 2022, in order to better promote the implementation of the strategy, the secretariat of the Sustainability Development Executive Committee worked closely with various departments to refine each of the 28 strategic actions, clarify the main responsible departments and cooperating departments, as well as the overall objectives, annual objectives and key initiatives of each action in the next three years, so as to ensure the implementation of the GREEN strategy. Governance- Sustainability ESG Governance Risk Management Business Ethics With the strategic pillar of Governance- Sustainability, Mengniu aims to enhance the Company's risk management and control capabilities, improve corporate business practices, enhance corporate governance capabilities, and implement effective sustainable development management. Responsibility- Common Prosperity Employee Well-Being Rural Revitalization Charity With the strategic pillar of Responsibility- Common Prosperity, Mengniu focuses on enhancing the social value, promoting the healthy life of human beings, caring for the people in underdeveloped areas and undeserved groups in society, and joining hands with employees to achieve common prosperity. Environment- Carbon Net- Zero Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle With the strategic pillar of Environment-Carbon Net- Zero, Mengniu focuses on improving Mengniu's environmental performance, devoting itself to responsible production and rational use of resources, realizing low-carbon production and dealing with climate change issues. Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation With the strategic pillar of Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable, Mengniu focuses on building a responsible dairy industry chain, driving upstream and downstream partners in the industry chain to jointly build a green industry chain, carrying out responsible procurement, promoting the development of green agriculture and protecting biodiversity prosperity. Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good Services With the strategic pillar of Nutrition-Supreme & Inclusive, Mengniu is committed to meeting the diverse consumer needs and continuously improving the nutritional and health attributes, product quality and food safety of its products. Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable2022 Performance Highlights 2022 Performance Highlights Honors MSCI ESG rating was upgraded from BBB to A, ranking first in China's food industry. As the only enterprise led by a production company, we won the third prize of the first Science and Technology Award for Conformity Assessment of China Certification & Accreditation Association. Mengniu's biodiversity case was selected in the Business Biodiversity Conservation Cases released by the 15th Conference of the Parties (COP15) of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD). The Mengniu rural revitalization case won the Xinhua Credit Jinlan Cup ESG Outstanding Contribution Case. Mengniu joined the Supplier Ethical Data Exchange (Sedex) platform, aiming to build a responsible supply chain by reference to international concepts and practices, and further to promote the sustainable development of the supply chain. Mengniu joined the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) and actively participated in promoting key issues in the consumer goods industry such as food safety, social and environmental sustainability, health, and end-to-end value chain, contributing Chinese wisdom to the sustainable development of the consumer goods industry. Mengniu joined the Pathways to Dairy Net-Zero (P2DNZ) global climate initiative jointly launched by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the International Dairy Federation (IDF) and the Global Dairy Platform (GDP). Mengniu is committed to accelerating action on climate change and reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the dairy industry, and systematically building a low-carbon dairy industry worldwide. employees completed the compliance management system confirmation and compliance duty performance commitment. Mengniu formulated and issued the Guidelines for Corporate Governance Compliance. employees signed the Integrity Commitment Letter. Responsibility- Common Prosperity The proportion of female executives has reached 26. 32 (Group assistant vice president and above). The employee training coverage rate has reached 91. 45, with a total training time of 4, 021, 519. 84 hours. Launched the Happiness 365 Employee Care Work System, and the employee care work was upgraded comprehensively. The occupational skills certification work covered 25 bases nationwide, with a coverage rate of 83, and 3, 000 professional talent certification plans were completed, which can effectively improve the competitiveness of employees and the skill level of workers. Annual charitable donation expenditure reached RMB 106 million. Annual employee volunteer activities reached 20, 000 hours, and the times of volunteers participation reached 10, 000. Mengniu was the only dairy enterprise wining the Inner Mongolia Charity Award Donor Company Award. factories were awarded the honorary title of Healthy Enterprise at the provincial and municipal levels; 13 employees were awarded the honorary title of Professional Health Talent at provincial and municipal levels. Governance- Sustainability Environment- Carbon Net- Zero Mengniu's Qujing Factory was certified by Germany's T V Rheinland and China's Guangzhou Emissions Exchange, becoming the first internationally and domestically dual certified zero-carbon emission factory in the dairy industry. Yashili Reeborne Jingzhi of Mengniu infant formula milk powder 700g and 750g obtained carbon neutrality product certificates for its Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 product, achieving relatively zero greenhouse gas emissions. Mengniu promoted ISO 50001 Energy Management System Certification coverage, and achieved 100 certification of Mengniu's own factories. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has promoted a total of 57 replacements of coal-fired boilers, adopted 71 water conservation measures, used 30 clean energy sources, achieving a carbon reduction of about 180, 000 tonnes. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has installed more than 14. 6MW of solar photovoltaic capacity, representing a year-on-year increase of more than 8. 96. plants obtained GB T24001-2016 ISO14001 2015 Environmental Management System Certification. The Company invested more than 200 million in ecological and environmental protection, completed 21 key environmental protection renovation projects, and supervised the discharge of pollutants in 38 sewage treatment plants of the Group to meet the sewage discharge standards. Mengniu's unit product freshwater consumption decreased by 1. 54 year-on-year in 2021, with an annual water saving of 859, 745 tonnes (including social water saving of 421, 557 tonnes). The Company's water reuse volume was about 2. 257 million tonnes, with a reuse rate of 7. 5. 5 factories were newly awarded with the title of provincial water conservation enterprise and 1 factory was newly awarded with the title of municipal water conservation benchmark enterprise. By the end of 2022, 27 factories have been certified as National- level Green Factory. Mengniu Qingyuan, Shangzhi factories obtained the Zero-Waste Factory certification issue by T V Rheinland, becoming the first company in the dairy industry domestically to obtain waste zero to landfill management. Mengniu is committed to achieving 100 technically friendly packaging materials by 2025, and strives to be the first in the industry to achieve low-carbon packaging across all product lines. The internal audit covered 100 of the suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials. All the strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials completed self- assessment questionnaires. Among them, 21 strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials completed the third-party audit of SMETA. The coverage rate of supplier training reached 100. In 2022, 82 of Mengniu's raw paper for product inner packaging is FSC forest certified, and 100 of paper for product outer packaging cartons is made from recycled paper. All palm oil products purchased by Bellamy's, a subsidiary of Mengniu, have been certified by RSPO Identity Preserved Supply Chain Model. The Shanghe Farm from China Modern Dairy of Mengniu was awarded the Farm Animal Welfare Products certification for its many management practices in the field of animal welfare. Nine pastures of its subsidiary China Shengmu were awarded the title of S-level dairy farm in Modern Dairy Industry Evaluation, and five were awarded China Good Agricultural Practice (GAP) certification. A total of 18 cooperative farms were awarded the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction of Veterinary Antibiotics. Mengniu's biodiversity reservation case was selected in the Corporate Biodiversity Conservation Cases released by the 15th Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP15). laboratories of Mengniu were granted CNAS accreditation certificates, with the testing capacity of up to 1, 926 items. Nine categories of products were certified by the EU food standards. Mengniu actively responds to the concerns of stakeholders and effectively protects the rights and interests of shareholders. Under the Governance-Sustainability pillar of the GREEN strategy, Mengniu has set three topics of ESG governance, risk management and business ethics, to continuously improve board governance effectiveness, optimize ESG performance assessment methods, consolidate the Group risk management system, enhance the business ethics management standards, and actively create a good internal and external governance environment. SDGs We Focused in this Section Risk Management Business Ethics ESG GovernanceHighlights in 2022 ESG Governance Established clear 2025 targets and specific initiatives for 15 issues under the framework of the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy. Risk Management Carried out internal risk management empowerment training, and simultaneously conducted risk control management empowerment training for holding companies to establish an effective safeguard mechanism. Incorporated compliance clauses into contract templates, which led to the consensus of business partners to jointly sign the Compliance Commitment Letter. Business Ethics More than 20, 000 employees completed the compliance management system confirmation and compliance duty performance commitment. employees signed the Integrity Commitment Letter. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableGovernance- Sustainability ESG Governance Mengniu strictly adheres to the requirements of relevant national laws and regulations such as the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, and continuously optimizes the Company's governance structure in combination with the Company's development situation, in order to improve the level of governance and optimize corporate operations, and protect the interests of all shareholders. The Board consists of nine directors, responsible for formulating and implementing the Group's strategy, supervising and monitoring the development of the Company's business. The Board has five professional committees, namely Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee, Strategy and Development Committee, and Sustainability Development Committee, to review professional matters and ensure the rational allocation of internal resources and the efficient operation of the Company. Board Diversity Mengniu believes that board diversity helps enhance its effectiveness, promote the long-term development of the Company and effectively safeguard the rights and interests of shareholders. The Board of Directors consists of 3 executive directors, 3 non-executive directors, and 3 independent non-executive directors. Independent non-executive directors account for one-third of the total number of the Board of Directors of the Company and do not directly participate in the management of the Company, which effectively reduces the risk of conflict of interest and gives full play to the role of checks and balances. The Board includes 1 female director. The Board of Directors has professional capabilities in marketing, human resources, finance, investment, legal affairs, responsible economics and sustainable development, and has rich industry experience to provide professional advice for corporate development as well as ensure the efficient operation of the Board. Sustainable Development Governance System Mengniu has gradually improved its three-level governance system for sustainable development with the Board of Directors as the highest decision-making level, and has set up the Sustainable Development Committee, the Sustainable Development Executive Committee and its Secretariat and the Sustainable Development Promotion Office, which are responsible for decision-making, supervision and promotion, coordination and implementation of the Company's ESG strategy respectively, ensuring that the ESG strategy is effectively promoted and the Company's ESG performance is gradually improved. Governance As of the date of this report, Mengniu has set up the Sustainable Development Committee at the level of the Board, chaired by Non-executive Director Mr. Simon Dominic Stevens, with other members including three executive directors, namely Chief Executive Officer Mr. Jeffery Minfang Lu, Vice President Ms. Yan Wang, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Ping Zhang, and independent non-executive director Mr. Hengjian Li. The Sustainable Development Committee is responsible for the Group's ESG strategy, objectives and risk assessment, and reviewing ESG-related disclosures. Management Mengniu Sustainable Development Committee has established the Sustainable Development Executive Committee, composed of senior executives of the Company, which is responsible for promoting the Group's sustainable development management and strategy, supervising the progress of the strategy implementation, examining the annual work plan, and reviewing ESG related disclosures. The Secretariat of the Sustainable Development Executive Committee, as a coordinating department, is responsible for coordinating the planning, promotion and implementation of ESG work. Execution This year, Mengniu established the Sustainable Development Promotion Office, covering 24 first-level departments of the Group, and formally appointed 24 sustainability officers and 24 sustainable development liaison officers. In response to the ESG key topics of the Company, the Group formed a cross-departmental special working group to promote effective improvement of the topics. The Sustainable Development Promotion Office discussed and formulated the annual sustainable development goals and plans with all departments of the Company, maintained communication with internal and external stakeholders of the Company, and actively responded to inquiries from relevant parties. Board of Directors Sustainable Development CommitteeConsists of the highest decision-making level of the Company and is responsible for considering the Company's sustainable development strategies, objectives and risks Sustainable Development Executive CommitteeConsists of core executives and is responsible for sustainable development management and strategy advancement, overseeing strategy execution Secretariat of the Sustainable Development Executive CommitteeResponsible for coordinating ESG daily work and promoting the implementation of the Group's ESG strategy Working Groups on Key TopicsResponsible for overall planning and coordination of management of key topics and report the progress of the work every six months to the Sustainable Development Executive CommitteeSustainable Development Promotion O ceConsists of sustainability develop- ment o cers and liaison o cers of each department, undertakes the requirements of sustainable development work, formulates corresponding work and plans in the department, and implements corporate strategy 24 25 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Mengniu Sustainable Value Co-Creation In September 2022, the Company successfully held the 2022 Sustainable Value Co-Creation activity, with the active participation of sustainable development officers and liaison officers of all departments. Through various activities such as the combination of online and offline experiences, the combination of immersive experiences and enterprise visits, and top-level expert lectures, the Sustainable Value Co-Creation deepened participants' understanding of the Group's GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy and built the consensus on sustainable development. By promptly responding to stakeholder inquiries through diverse communication channels, the Company has fully identified sustainability risks and opportunities and continually improved ESG strategies and practices. During the reporting period, Mengniu complied with relevant laws and regulations to issue regular reports, and disclosed its major dynamics in a compliant manner. In terms of investor communication, Mengniu strictly complies with the relevant laws and regulations of the securities market, and pays high attention to information disclosure and investor communication. In 2022, Mengniu actively communicated with the capital market in diverse forms such as emails, teleconferences and face-to-face meetings. Mengniu held over 200 investor meetings and sell-side analyst meetings throughout the year, and 38 ESG-themed meetings with ESG-themed investors and rating agencies, effectively delivering the high-quality development achievements, business strategy, ESG strategy and long-term value of Mengniu to the capital market. Mengniu Sustainable Development Conference Group Photo of Senior Executives Attended Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development S trategy Theme ScarfCombined with the business characteristics and sustainable development goals, the Company incorporated ESG KPI into the annual performance contract of the management, and formulated differentiated ESG assessment weightings based on the relevant responsibilities of senior management in various ESG matters to encourage management to promote the Company's sustainable development. At the beginning of 2023, Mengniu held the Sustainable Development Conference, where the Sustainable Development Executive Committee listened to the ESG work report for 2022 and the work plan for 2023, and made decisions on key sustainable development issues. At the meeting, the Sustainable Development Executive Committee granted annual recognition and awards to individuals and teams with outstanding performance in sustainable development work, and awarded GREEN strategy theme silk scarves. The silk scarf is made of recycled plastic bottles, with elements of Mengniu's GREEN culture to convey Mengniu's green and sustainable development concept. Governance- Sustainability 26 27 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableThe list of material issues is determined based on the Company's strategic priorities, industry charac- teristics, business priorities, relevant sustainability frameworks (including GRI), stock exchange requirements (including the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), rating agency focuses, domestic and foreign policies (sustainable development goals). Identi cation of Material TopicsThrough communication interviews, questionnaires and other forms, we can better understand the key concerns of stakeholders. PrioritizationThe Company's Sustainable Development Committee and experts review and select the material topics to be disclosed. ValidationMengniu 2022 ESG Materiality MatrixStakeholders Topics Communication and Response Channels Consumers Nutritious and healthy products High quality products Perfect customer service Smooth communication channels Diversified product selectionInformation disclosure and dissemination Transparent factory Interactive activities Consumer service hotline Shareholders and investors Business risk prevention Asset preservation and appreciation Responsible procurement Low-carbon development New markets and new opportunities Steady increase in return on investmentEnterprise annual report and announcement Roadshow Special meetings Investor relations website Government and regulatory agenciesCompliance operation Paying taxes in accordance with the law Business ethics Biodiversity conservation Contributing to local economic developmentRegulatory assessment Special meetings Employees Health and safety Diversity and inclusion Career development Wage and welfare security Work and life balanceManager's mailbox Congress of workers and staff Training exchange Suppliers Open, fair and just procurement Honesty and trustworthiness Information confidentialitySupplier conference Supplier assistance Supplier training Distributor Mutual benefit and win-win Growing togetherDealer conference Dealer satisfaction survey Decision management committee Customer communication platform Community Helping rural revitalization Community development and well-being Anti-epidemic and disaster relief Overseas responsibilities Driving local economic developmentProviding employment opportunities Promoting the development of local related industries Improving local infrastructure development CharityMateriality Analysis The Company forms a material topic matrix through confirming the topics focused by stakeholders that have a significant impact on its own sustainable development, which helps the Company identify and manage topics related risks and opportunities, thus effectively responding to stakeholder expectations. In 2022, under the guidance of the Sustainable Development Committee, the Company conducted a materiality issue analysis according to the four steps of material topic identification, research interview, screening and evaluation, and audit confirmation, and ultimately chose 28 strategic topics that are most conducive to the Company's achievement of ESG objectives, and formed an ESG major topic matrix to carry out targeted management and actions based on the matrix information. Governance- Sustainability Importance to Stakeholders High LowLowHigh Importance to Mengniu s Sustainable DevelopmentRisk Governance Biodiversity Conservation CharityCustomer ServiceNutrition and Health Rural RevitalizationGreen Operation & ManagementESG GovernanceRecycling Business Ethics & Anti- CorruptionQuality Control Environment Society GovernanceGreenhouse Gas Management Talent DevelopmentWater and Wastewater Management Green Package Responsibility MarketingEmployee Benefits Diversity & Inclusion Nutrition InclusiveOccupational Health & Safety Forest ProtectionGreen Procurement of Raw MaterialsClimate Risk Identification Animal Welfare Waste Management Information ProtectionSupply Chain Responsibility ManagementRegenerative Agriculture Management 28 29 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableThe first line of defenseThe first line of defense is mainly composed of various business departments, responsible for the daily operation and management of the Company, as the risk responder and principal responsible party, independently identify the major risks in the business process, and design corresponding risk response plans. The third line of defenseThe third line of defense is composed of the internal audit and discipline inspection and supervision departments. The internal audit supervises and evaluates the Company's risk management and internal control systems and gives improvement suggestions; the discipline inspection and supervision department accepts multi-channel reports and promptly follows up the investigation of events. The second line of defenseThe second line of defense is composed of the internal control and risk management committee, risk management department and the Group's functional departments, which are mainly responsible for planning and supervising risk management work and improving the risk management system. In the process of identifying major risks, Mengniu insists on carrying out risk assessment in the way of business self-assessment identification, professional risk prediction, and overall evaluation by senior executives to ensure the objectivity, accuracy and focus of personnel at all levels in their judgment of major risks. In 2022, Mengniu adjusted the Group's major risk areas into seven major aspects strategic risk, financial risk, market risk, supply chain risk, legal and compliance risk, quality and food safety risk, and sustainable development risk. We strengthened internal control by implementing the main responsibility, formulating response target strategies, improving the risk warning mechanism, and carrying out annual response effect evaluation, and conducting the entire process prevention and control through three phases, which are the pre-prevention, in-event control and post-emergency response. The Risk Management Committee regularly reviews the effectiveness of risk assessment and response, resolves problems in implementation, and ensures the implementation of response measures. The Company sorted out key business areas and key management modules from the three perspectives that are strategy, operation and support, combined with the principle of key control important risks effective coverage, coordinated planning of key work, and carried out audit supervision. China Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, based on the Mengniu risk management mechanism, integrated the needs of management and took focusing on major risk management as the goal, established the risk management framework, clarified the responsibilities at each level, identified major risk points, set up risk management and response mechanisms, and gradually enhanced risk management awareness and ability. The Risk Management Department is a daily operational agency specially established by the Risk Management Committee, which regularly reports to the Board on the control of important risks and the effectiveness of the operation of the risk management system, and accepts the work review and supervision of the Audit Committee. Business Ethics Mengniu strictly follows the laws and regulations such as the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, continually improves and optimizes its internal compliance management system, including the Code of Integrity and Compliance, the Anti-Monopoly Compliance Management Regulations, the Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Management Regulations, the Business Partner Compliance Management Regulations, and the Disciplinary Inspection and Punishment Work Regulations, and signs the 'Belt and Road' Corporate Integrity Initiative. In 2022, the Company comprehensively upgraded and issued the Integrity and Compliance Manual (international edition) and formulated the Corporate Governance Compliance Manual, Environmental Protection Compliance Manual, the Regulations on Compliance Management of Personal Information Protection, the Handbook of Compliance Guidelines for Personal Information Protection and the Annex Guidelines for Compliance Operation of Personal Information Protection of App Mini Programs, etc., to provide more complete behavior norms and guidelines for compliance control. In 2022, the Company formulated and issued the Rules of Procedure for the Compliance Management Committee, which promoted the Compliance Management Committee to perform its duties in accordance with the law, improved the efficient operation and scientific decision-making level of the Compliance Management Committee, and further improved Mengniu's compliance management organization system by clarifying the scope, procedure, decision-making mechanism and resolution implementation of the Compliance Management Committee, and promoted Mengniu's sustainable and high-quality development. In 2022, the Company formulated and issued the Measures for the Management of Compliance Commissioners, which formed a comprehensive and strong linkage compliance management organization system. In 2022, the Company upgraded its risk response, risk monitoring, and response evaluation management methods, and times of people participation of online training reached 30, 000; 7 excellent risk management practice cases were evaluated and selected, the experience and practices were summarized, and they were promoted and applied through the Voice of Mengniu platform. In terms of risk management, Mengniu strictly complies with relevant laws and regulations related to the Company's business such as the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China, and forms a legal and regulatory library for major compliance risks, and updates it in accordance with changes in laws and regulations. implementation rules for risk management significant risk areasphases on risk prevention and control Risk identification, risk assessment, risk response, risk monitoring, risk response evaluation and risk management report. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableConducted integrity audits on 2, 310 newly promoted and evaluated employees2, 310 Issued pre-appointment integrity reminders to 1, 148 newly recruited (promoted) employees1, 148 Signed 33, 131 integrity commit- ment letters in total33, 131 Reporting and Compliant Management This year, the Company further improved the reporting and handling mechanism, combined with the Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues, and optimized the reporting management process. The discipline inspection departments of the Group, the divisions and the Sharing and Holding Companies shall assign special personnel to handle letters and visits, which shall be handled at different levels according to the management authority; the non-discipline inspection departments and personnel shall deliver the letters and visits to the discipline inspection department of the Group for unified handling. In addition to the complaint and reporting channels of the Company's official website, WeChat official account, the Anti-C orruption Agreement, typical case announcement, node notice, integrity reminder, and integrity training materials, new reporting methods such as customer email, nailing work group, customer service platform and publicity materials have been added. Anti-Corruption Management The Company attaches great importance to compliance in business operations, and strengthens and improves anti-bribery compliance management in the process of business operations. The Company pursues a zero tolerance attitude towards any commercial bribery and does not provide any form of support for commercial bribery. The Company attaches great importance to the construction of anti- corruption system, and sets up a team system of full-time and part-time regulatory personnel, as well as a joint supervision system of discipline inspection and audit departments, and implements the principle of audit first, discipline inspection follow-up. The Company focuses on anti-commercial compliance as a key compliance area, actively conducts comprehensive compliance risk assessment work. Through effective compliance risk identification and prevention, the Company ensures the continuous and steady development of all business activities. In 2022, the Company assessed all business corruption risks, conducted 28 special supervisions on corruption-prone and easily- prone processes such as bidding, purchasing, R&D, marketing and sales, and raw milk acquisition, proposed 10 rectification suggestions, and improved 21 systems. For the identified issues, the Company took action according to the Supervision Program of Major Asset Loss, Major Operating Loss, Major Litigation and Corruption Cases of Mengniu Group. In 2022, the Company issued a total of 26 case bulletins internally. In terms of anti-commercial bribery compliance training, the Company focused on more than 600 key personnels in the field of anti-commercial bribery compliance management, and conducted special compliance points empowerment training. In 2022, the Company conducted integrity audits on 2, 310 newly promoted and evaluated employees, and issued pre-appointment integrity reminders to 1, 148 newly recruited (promoted) employees, with a total of 33, 131 integrity commitment letters signed. In terms of partner management, while continuing to promote the signing of the Anti-C orruption Agreement with our partners, the Company has formulated the Implementation Measures for the Anti-C orruption Agreement according to the typical corruption cases investigated in the past, and refined and clarified the types and applicable situations of sanctions imposed on partners for violations. cn Mailing address Disciplinary Committee Office, Mengniu Dairy Milk Source Building 311, Shengle Economic Zone of Horinger, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, postal code 011517 Whistleblower Protection Mechanism Mengniu makes every effort to provide protection and legal assistance to whistleblowers. Mengniu stipulates that no department or individual of the Company shall obstruct or suppress the whistleblower's report or suppress the reporting materials under any pretext, in order to ensure the smoothness of the reporting channel and the safety of the whistleblower. Mengniu keeps the whistleblower's name, work unit, home address, telephone, mailbox and other personal information and the contents of the report strictly confidential, and includes the relevant materials of the report in the confidential documents for management. Mengniu encourages real-name reporting, but when receiving a report from the whistleblower or verifying the situation with the whistleblower, Mengniu will never publicly disclose the identity of the whistleblower and strictly protect the personal safety of the whistleblower. Mengniu disseminates compliance knowledge through various channels such as WeChat official accounts, DingTalk announcements, desktops, and road flags. A total of 32, 970 people have completed the signing of the special compliance commitment. In 2022, Mengniu launched 22 online and offline compliance training sessions targeting all employees, managers, senior management, and new employees, covering key areas of risk management such as integrity, anti-monopoly, anti-commercial bribery, senior management duties, personal information protection, business partner compliance, and insider information compliance, with a cumulative learning volume of 550, 000 times of people participation. Among them, Business Partner Compliance, Personal Information Protection Compliance, Integrity Compliance Manual and other entire personnel training courses have ranked first in the monthly most popular courses of Mengniu Learning Platform for many times. Mengniu constantly strengthened the culture of integrity to create a clean and fair working atmosphere. In 2022, the Company conducted 20 sessions of integrity education for middle and senior key personnel management personnel, covering 1, 177 times of people participation; For grassroots employees, the Company provided warning and education at every meeting and conducted 120 sessions of integrity warning and education through pre-shift meetings, work meetings and internal propaganda, covering more than 43, 000 people, with a 100 coverage rate; In addition, the Company carried out integrity education for 9, 050 family members of management personnel and 4, 388 partners, which effectively strengthened the integrity awareness of family members of management personnel and partners, and reduced the number of violations of rules and regulations in this year. Integrity education for key middle and senior positions20 sessions times of people participation 1, 177 Integrity education for junior level employeescoverage120 sessions 100 Number of family members of management personnel participated in integrity education Number of partners participated in integrity education9, 050 family members partners 4, 388Governance- Sustainability 3. 2g Highlights in 2022 Employee Well-Being Employed 47, 329 employees, including 27, 861 male employees and 19, 468 female employees. The proportion of female executives has reached 26. 32 (Group assistant vice president and above). The employee training coverage rate reaches 91. 45, with a total training duration of 4, 021, 519. 84 hours. The average monthly activity rate of the Worth-It online learning platform was 78 throughout the year (Average monthly activity rate of 75 in 2021), leading the entire industry, and 45 class hours per person per year. Launched the Happiness 365 Employee Care Work System, and the employee care work was upgraded comprehensively. The occupational skills certification work covered 25 bases nationwide, with a coverage rate of 83, and more than 3, 000 professional talent certification plans were completed, which can effectively improve the competitiveness of employees and the skill level of workers. factories were certified with the Occupational Health and Safety Management System GB T 45001-2020 ISO 45001 2018. 7 factories passed the first-level on-site assessment of safety production standardization, and 2 factories were awarded as national safety culture construction demonstration enterprises. Awarded the title of Excellent Organizational Unit in the first Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Enterprise Team Safety Construction Demonstration Activity, and 3 grassroots teams were honored as Excellent Team for Safety Construction at the provincial level. factories were awarded the honorary title of Healthy Enterprise at the provincial and municipal levels; 13 employees were awarded the honorary title of Professional Health Talent at provincial and municipal levels. Rural Revitalization Led the planting of more than 6 million mu and 12 million tonnes of high-quality forage grass nationwide, drove the breeding of more than 1. 7 million dairy cows, and directly and indirectly pushed forward more than 4 million herdsmen nationwide to increase their income. Charity Annual charitable donation expenditure reached RMB106 million. Annual employee volunteer activities reached 20, 000 hours, and the volunteer participation reached 10, 000 person-time. Mengniu was the only dairy enterprise wining the Inner Mongolia Charity Award Donor Company Award. Responsibility- Common Prosperity Mengniu fully makes use of industry advantages, actively undertakes the national rural revitalization and common prosperity strategy, devotes itself to public welfare undertakings, and is committed to creating an industry-leading employer brand. Under the pillar of the GREEN strategy Responsibility-Common Prosperity, Mengniu strives to improve employees' happiness, helps promote the balanced development of urban and rural areas, benefits the vulnerable groups, and fully implements corporate social responsibility by setting up three topics of employee well-being, rural revitalization and charity. Employee Well-B eing Rural Revitalization Charity SDGs We Focused in this Section 34 35 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableResponsibility- Common Prosperity Adhering to the development strategy of people-oriented, Mengniu is committed to creating an equal and inclusive workplace environment, protecting the rights and interests of employees, perfecting the compensation and benefits system, establishing a broad talent development platform, providing a healthy and comfortable working environment, and continuously enhancing the happiness and sense of the belonging of employees. Mengniu also cooperates with industry partners to empower innovative talent development and make contributions to the sustainable development of dairy talents. Through the establishment of a series of measures, such as the Recruitment Management Measures, the Labor Contract Managemet Measures, the Remuneration Management Measures, the Welfare Management Measures, the Management Manual on Performance System, the Incentive Management Program, the Employee Reward and Punishment System, the Leave and Working Hour Management System and the 2022 Rank Promotion Plan, Mengniu improves the standardized management level of recruitment, promotion, salary, welfare, working hours and other processes of employment, and explicitly prohibited the recruitment of child labor and the use of forced labor. Mengniu believes that creating an equal, inclusive, diverse, and anti-discriminatory workplace environment can help the Company attract talents, and can promote innovation and advancement from a richer perspective. In 2022, Mengniu revised and released the new version of the the Employee Code of Conduct and launched the the Guidelines for Preventing Unethical Behavior in the Workplace to avoid discrimination or differential treatment due to ethnic, religious, gender, age, nationality, heredity, disability or other forms in the recruitment, onboarding promotion and resignation of employees, and to protect the equal rights of employees with consistent processes and standards. Mengniu's global workplaces all practice the Group's value of diversity and inclusion, promote mutual understanding among employees of different nationalities and cultural backgrounds, and build cross-cultural communication bridges. Mengniu's Indonesian plant fully respects the cultural beliefs of local employees, sets up a prayer room in the plant and gives employees Ramadan subsidies. Talent Development Mengniu has established an all-round talent training system, formulated career development plans for employees, established clear career development paths, and continuously created and optimized a management system covering the entire life cycle of talent development. Mengniu places a high value on the training of professional talents, exports technical talents to the whole industry by creating a variety of learning platforms and strengthens the talent reserve of the industry. On the one hand, Mengniu trains and introduces world-class dairy talents for China, and on the other hand, Mengniu extends the successful experience and development model of China's dairy industry to other countries and regions. In addition, Mengniu Global Dairy Training Center completed the professional skills certification plan for more than 3, 000 people, effectively improving the competitiveness of employees and the skill level of workers. By the end of 2022, the Mengniu Dairy Professional Skills Level Certification work has covered 25 bases nationwide. Since its establishment, the Research Institute has worked with universities, scientific research experts, and innovative enterprises to explore the fields of talent development, health technology, and sustainable development. Employee Training In 2022, Mengniu Group continued to practice the strategic goal of creating a new Mengniu. In order to ensure the efficient implementation of the Group's strategy and consolidate Mengniu's 6 1 organizational capability, Mengniu continued to carry out organizational capacity building in the fields of digital intelligence, investment and mergers and acquisitions, upgrade the rank system, broaden the career development channels of employees, iterate professional qualification standards, constantly build professional capabilities, and strengthen the attraction and retention of professional and operational talents. In order to help Mengniu build its talent advantage, Mengniu has established a talent development system and accelerated the construction of six future-oriented talent teams. Cultivation of Leading Management Talents Mengniu has created two sets of project systems, succession and competence, for the management group. For example, the Blue Sea project adopted a 721 full-cycle training, with strict entry and strict exit, to train nearly 400 core management reserve talents, output key position reserves and continuously improve the thickness of the succession ladder. Cultivation of Scarce High-End Talents In addition to continuously cultivating talents internally, Mengniu also focuses on the introducing and reserving talents required for the layout of new business tracks. Mengniu also introduced more than 140 strategic scarce talents from around the world to participate in the most pressing issues in the Company's strategy, products, and management, lead the industry to build brand, create a digital technology system, and inspire diverse business innovation vitality, providing sufficient high-end talent reserves with an international perspective for the sustained development of the Group's traditional dairy business and innovative business. Cultivation of Breakthrough Entrepreneurial Talents Mengniu provides entrepreneurial talents with a platform for capacity building, such as the Entrepreneurial Talent Training Camp, and Project Incubation, and also establishes a sound system to help the growth of entrepreneurial talents. Focusing on the dimensions of thinking mode, behavior mode, single-point breakthrough, combination innovation and agile iteration, Mengniu has empowered more than 100 innovative and entrepreneurial talents. In the 2022 Innovation Competition, Mengniu signed up for 1, 866 projects, 43 projects were selected from three tracks, 27 projects were incubated through professional empowerment and one-to-one counseling, and after 10 months of validation and incubation, 21 courses were learned online and polished by offline workshops, generating the annual TOP10 innovation projects. Cultivation of Top-notch Young Talents With innovation leadership as the core, based on certain indicators and standards of young talents, Mengniu has selected and cultivated more than 800 outstanding young talents as the key strategic talent reserves, and added the Star Plus Plan and Graduate Program to comprehensively absorb high-potential outstanding graduates and enable them to become the backbone and strategic reserve talents of Mengniu quickly. Cultivation of Strategic and International Talents Mengniu has conducted international talent training for more than 500 overseas employees to accelerate the language upgrading and cultural integration of international talents. Employee Well-B eing 36 37 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable In 2022, Mengniu optimized the talent training system in an all-rounded way, focusing on the training of the above six types of talents, so that every employee can receive systematic and targeted training. At the same time, Mengniu continued to promote the training of new employees, helping them fit into the company quickly. The online learning map covered 100 of new employees. Mengniu strengthened the construction of internal trainer team, enabling core managers and lecturers to support key talent training projects. Mengniu deepened the construction of core general capabilities in the workplace and achieved 100 coverage in multiple forms such as online and offline open classes, unbounded training camps and featured live broadcasting projects. Through the map of professional qualifications and experience, Mengniu has defined the knowledge, ability and key experience required for each professional position, providing clear career development goals and guidance for talents. With the help of scientific and comprehensive talent evaluation methods and talent review, Mengniu guides employees to identify personal shortcomings, identify gaps, focus on development needs, and formulate individual development plans (IDPs) for employees. At the same time, Mengniu helps employees plan their personal career development path from three aspects, including practical experience, mentoring and training. In 2022, Mengniu optimized its promotion mechanism by strengthening the employment orientation of promoting the capable, encouraging the excellent, demoting the mediocre and eliminating the unqualified, standardizing the promotion review process, and specifying the review dimensions and details to create a fair, transparent and professional promotion atmosphere, promote the orderly flow of talents, strengthen the construction of talent team and accelerate the cultivation of compound talents. Throughout the year, Mengniu carried out 19 key talent training programs and provided 232 online courses, covering more than 7, 000 technical, quality and safety and environmental personnel. Worth-It Online Learning Platform Mengniu's Worth-It online learning platform strongly supports the construction of Mengniu's strategic talent pool with the best talent development strategy, the most advanced training concept and the most flexible learning mode, through digitalization layout from the aspects of value delivery, operation mode, organizational mechanism and personnel training. In 2022, the annual average monthly active rate of the Worth-It online learning platform was 78 (the monthly active rate in 2021 was 75 ), and the average learning time reached 45 class hours per person per year. In 2022, the Worth-It platform conducted 66 training sessions during the COVID-19 epidemic by virtual classrooms, solving the pain point of inability to conduct on-site training. Talent Incentive The Company is committed to establishing a sound compensation management system and a variety of incentive mechanisms. Mengniu adheres to the principle of value-oriented salary management, builds a salary and welfare system, and provides competitive salary level for employees. The incentive mechanism takes performance as the important guide. Through the combination of different modes, such as current incentive, long-term incentive, innovation incentive and spiritual incentive, it encourages employees to continuously improve themselves. At the same time, we offer more opportunities for career advancement to the participants of our management trainee program, also known as future star, and establish a promotion strategy for them to encourage their growth. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Youth Care Exclusive CareHappiness 365 Employee Care Work System In 2022, Mengniu upgraded and launched the Happiness 365 Employee Care Work System, focusing on three groups, implementing six major plans, and carrying out five activities to meet the needs of different employee groups. All female employees can fully feel the Company's care and blessings during the festival by pushing great women stories, receiving wishes sent by core executives, empowering women's health, presenting books and various caring activities carried out by grass- roots labor unions. By adopting the Services find people concept, the Company proactively provides consultation services for employees with needs, creating a 360 degree new experience in the workplace. The Company provides warm- hearted services and diverse guidance for employees at key process nodes such as job application, onboarding, job transfer, resignation and retirement, comprehensively enhancing employees' sense of belonging. Key Moments Key Processes Key Needs The Company sends timely wishes, services, and welfare care for employees at key moments such as employment, promotion, birthday, seniority, marriage, and childbirth, providing love and warmth for every moment. Mengniu held the 3rd Youth Culture Festival, through a series of activities such as senior executives' youth message, Young Marx Project training class, and Vigorous Youth cultural festival. Mengniu held the 4th Season Happiness Party, with the participation of nearly 600 young employees, effectively building a good communication channel among young employees. For areas with serious epidemic situation, Mengniu purchased all kinds of living and epidemic prevention materials for employees, conducted live classes on psychological health, and guided employees to cope with the epidemic in a healthy attitude, with a total investment of more than RMB 7 million. In addition, Mengniu helped 79 seriously ill employees and their families, with a fund of RMB 1. 525 million. GroupsEmployee Benefits In the view of Mengniu, people is the core force driving the company's development. Mengniu has always adhered to the employer value proposition of Come together! This enables individuals to achieve self-fulfillment, improves organizational effectiveness and gains overall employer recognition. At the same time, Mengniu places great importance on the interests and happiness of its employees and their families, continuously providing humanistic care and creating a strong corporate culture of caring for employees. The system provides warm and guaranteed services at key moments and processes, meeting employees' critical needs. On the basis of providing competitive, life-cycle services, Mengniu has established the SHINE one-stop welfare platform, which introduces and provides a full-scenario welfare experience, explores employees' needs, simplifies the process of enjoying welfare benefits through digital means, promoting the development of talent, assisting in achieving the strategic goals, and comprehensively enhancing employee happiness. The platform contains four main sections Employee Benefits Provides 9 types of holiday welfare benefits to enhance the sense of ceremony and happiness for each employee and their family members. Employee Leaves Encourages work-life balance with 14 types of holidays and vacations. Employee Relief Provides optional medical examinations and commercial insurance packages for employees and their families to ensure that every employee can work in good health and peace of mind. Mengniu delivered 114, 248 cartons of milk to the parents of employees aged 60 and above during the Spring Festival, May Day, Mid-Autumn Festival and Double Ninth Festival, with a care fund of RMB 5. 10 million, and carried out various festival activities to encourage employees to express their love and accompany to their parents. Mengniu provided annual physical examination for employees; Mengniu launched Mengniu Employee Health Plan, which comprehensively guided employees to eat, live and work healthily in the form of pictures, texts and videos, and jointly launched light food and reduced-fat meal in more than 30 factories across the country to improve the sub-health status of the workplace in multiple dimensions. At the same time, Mengniu actively carried out vigorous office activities to encourage employees to do exercises after work and continuously improve their fitness awareness. Female Employee CareResponsibility- Common Prosperity 40 41 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable5 Activities Mengniu carried out Spring Festival caring activities for more than 40, 000 employees, with a fund of more than RMB 5. 60 million in total, so that all employees could really feel the Company's care. With the theme of Happy Mengniu Mid-Autumn Benefit, Mengniu carried out a series of care activities within the group, with a fund of more than RMB 4. 20 million in total. Spring Festival Benefits Winter BenefitsMid-Autumn Benefits Wedding BenefitsSummer Benefits Talent Services The company creates a comfortable working environment for employees and continuously improves the talent service mechanism. In terms of talent service matters such as employees applying for Beijing work residence permits, settling in Beijing, and government talent selection, the company has clarified the standards and procedures, and formulated service methods of talent assistance in conjunction with Beijing talent policies. In 2022, the company assisted 48 employees in settling down in Beijing; at the same time, in order to solve the problems of cross provincial travel difficulties for employees stationed in Beijing and high urban rental costs, the company applied to the corresponding departments for talent rental housing projects according to relevant policies and has been approved. In 2022, the company helped 24 employees solve the rental problem, helping each employee to stay at ease. Employee Communication Mengniu hopes to establish harmonious employee relationship and effectively avoid and timely resolve the conflicts arising in the process of employment. Therefore, Mengniu has helped employees establish smooth communication channels to resolve disputes through collective negotiation, Workers' Representative Congress, and labor dispute coordination committees, etc. In addition, Mengniu regularly carries out activities such as employee representative inspection, employee thought survey, employee symposium, employee mailbox, employee hotline, and President and Secretary Reception Day to listen to the employees' voices, understand their difficulties, and sincerely solve the employees' urgent problems. The 7th Mengniu Employee and Trade Union Representative Conference Mengniu Collective Consultation Conference on Salary Mengniu Group trade union lawfully convened the 2022 Collective Consultation Conference on Salary, with the representatives of the enterprise side and the representatives of the employees side listening to the report of the performance of the 2021 special collective agreement on salary. The meeting explained and clarified the draft of the Mengniu Group 2022 Special Collective Agreement on Salary, discussed the salary and welfare related systems, further safeguarded the legitimate rights and interests of both the enterprise and the employees, and played a positive role in building a harmonious and stable labor relationship. Trainings related to labor rights protection include the empowerment trainings of employees' right enforcement and protection. Democratic Management Mengniu strictly complies with the requirements of the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations, follows the international recognized human rights policies as outlined in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the internationally recognized human rights policies as outlined in the core conventions of the International Labor Organization, and formulates the Mengniu's Employee Code of Conduct, the Employee Handbook and other systems, actively carries out democratic management work, highlights the subject status of employees in the enterprise, and allows employees to become the protagonists of enterprise development. In accordance with the requirements of the Constitution of the Chinese Trade Unions, the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Provisions on the Work of Enterprise Trade Unions (for Trial Implementation), Mengniu continues to deepen enterprise democratic management, strives to implement the system of workers' representative congress, explores effective ways for workers to participate in management, effectively safeguards the rights of workers to be informed, to participate, to express themselves, and to supervise, fully taps into the enthusiasm, initiative, and creativity of the workers, and truly enhances the quality and effectiveness of democratic management development in the enterprise. Dormitory Plan Employee Loyalty Plan Assistance Plan Mengniu has set up employee dormitories in various plants across the country, integrating accommodation, leisure, and entertainment functions to meet the daily living needs of employees. In 2022, the Company built new dormitories and upgraded dormitory facilities in many factories to continuously enhance the happiness of employees. Mengniu provided point-to-point and one-to- one care for employees in difficulty. In 2022, Mengniu helped employees with difficulties more than 156 person-time, with a total assistance fund of about RMB 270, 000. Responsibility- Common Prosperity In 2022, Mengniu held the 7th Employee and Trade Union Representative Conference, which deliberated and passed 14 regulations related to employees' interests, awarded the advanced collectives and excellent individuals in the trade union work, and comprehensively launched the mass organization work systems of the Mengniu Happiness Seven-heart Project, aiming to build a happy home of Mengniu and to gather the wisdom and strength of the employees to promote the high-quality development of the enterprise. The conference collected 218 representative proposals, and the trade union was responsible for coordinating and advancing the solution. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Occupational Health and Safety Mengniu complies with the relevant laws and regulations on occupational health and safety, such as the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases and the Regulations on Occupational Health Supervision and Management in Workplace, and continuously improves the management of occupational health and safety. As a responsible production enterprise, Mengniu pays high attention to occupational safety issues. A three-level safety management organization structure is established at the Group, business unit and plant levels to undertake responsibility step by step. The safety management departments of the Group, business unit and plant are all equipped with full-time management personnel. In 2022, 49 factories of Mengniu obtained the certification of Occupational Health and Safety Management System GB T 45001-2020 ISO 45001 2018; 7 factories of Mengniu passed the first-level on-site evaluation of safety production standardization for enterprises. Safety Risk Prevention The company adheres to risk prevention and bottom-line management, implements multiple measures to supervise and regulate compliance, and improves the safety management system. On the one hand, we focus on key risk prevention and control, including online approval and control before, during, and after hazardous operations, full-cycle safety risk management for contractors, typical risk review of electrical circuits and important risk prevention and control measures for extreme weather conditions. On the other hand, we strengthen the implementation of bottom-line responsibilities, formulate 56 transformation actions for the 15 Necessary Measures, propose requirements for the implementation of the Safety Production Law, participate in standardization review training, implement a dual prevention mechanism that runs parallel to the safety risk grading and control mechanism and the hidden danger investigation and governance mechanism, and organize special safety investigations and empowering for overseas operating units. At the same time, we continue to strengthen the construction of safety informatization, achieving 100 coverage of the dual prevention mechanism and online management system for dangerous operations in the main business. Safety Culture Construction Mengniu is committed to promoting the construction of safety culture while continuously deepening the work of security risk prevention and control. In the meantime, the Company applies to be awarded safety culture model enterprises and standardized safety teams to build up a safe production defense line of the Company and to form a positive cycle of mutual promotion and joint protection between the Company and the employees. Safety Production Month Theme Activity In order to implement the awareness of safe production and build a long-term mechanism for safe production, the Company launched the Safety Production Month theme activity. During the event, leaders at all levels took the lead in making safety production commitments, promoting safety production principles and practicing safety production. All factories carried out in- depth learning on safety production and conducted themed speeches, consultation, painting activities on safety production and safety drills. Through the active participation of all employees, safety awareness has been deeply rooted in the hearts of employees and a strong safety culture atmosphere is formed within the Company. Ankang Cup Labor Skills Competition In 2022, Mengniu launched the Ankang Cup knowledge competition with the theme of Implementing Safety Production and Safeguarding Enterprise Development, focusing on the requirements of the safety production, safety risk prevention and control, and system mechanism construction. The competition incorporated safety knowledge from 22 aspects, including dangerous operations, mechanical protection, fire and electricity, hazardous chemicals safety, and on-site traffic into the competition questions. The competition also featured creative designs such as Talented Individuals Thriving Show, Safety Bingo and Safety Scene Play. Through themed speeches, quiz competitions, safety scene plays other forms of activities, employees were able to deeply learn and master safety knowledge, promoting innovative development in enterprise safety production and labor protection, while effectively creating a creating a safe and stable production environment for the Company. Responsibility- Common Prosperity 44 45 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableOccupational Health and Safety Training To enhance the occupational health and safety awareness of EHS personnel and improve the professional ability of management personnel, Mengniu Huxiuqi Learning Center has formulated a series of safety production and occupational health theme training courses in accordance with the laws and regulations such as the Work Safety Law, the Environmental Protection Law and the Provisions on Safety Training of Production and Operation Entities. Our training courses are aimed at professional and management personnel at the Group, business unit, and factory levels. The courses cover four dimensions of regulations, management, technology and practice, including policy and regulation learning, major risk prevention and control, occupational hazard prevention and contro and other aspects. Regulation Training Management Training Technical Training Practice Training Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases Popularization Week In close connection with the reality of occupational health management and the characteristics of occupational hazards, Mengniu carried out a series of publicity and education activities with the theme of all for the health of workers, popularized the knowledge of occupational disease prevention and control, and raised all employees' attention to attach importance to the occupational health of workers. Honors In 2022, 2 factories of Mengniu were awarded as the national demonstration enterprises for the construction of safety culture. In 2022, 13 employees of Mengniu were awarded the title of Professional Health Talent at provincial and municipal levels. In 2022, 8 factories of Mengniu were awarded the title of Healthy Enterprise at provincial and municipal levels. In 2022, Mengniu was awarded the title of Excellent Organization for Safety Construction and 3 grass-roots teams were awarded the title of Excellent team for Safety Construction by local government. Ammonia-related Pressure Vessel Leakage Accident Government-enterprise Joint ExerciseResponsibility- Common Prosperity 46 47 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableIndicator Indicator Unit 2022 Data Turnover rate of employees in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan 14. 29 Turnover rate of employees in the Chinese mainland 15. 47 Total training hours of employees Hour 4, 021, 519. 84 Average training hours of employees Hour 84. 97 Total ratio of trained employees 91. 45 Total training hours of male employees Hour 2, 345, 192. 47 Average training hours of male employees Hour 84. 17 Percentage of male employees trained 91. 76 Total training hours of female employees Hour 1, 676, 327. 37 Average training hours of female employees Hour 86. 11 Percentage of female employees trained 91. 65 Total training hours of senior management employees Hour 1, 165. 38 Average training hours of senior management employees Hour 61. 34 Percentage of senior management employees trained 100 Total training hours of middle management employees Hour 277, 782. 00 Average training hours of middle management employees Hour 82. 14 Percentage of middle management employees trained 93. 87 Total training hours of ordinary employees Hour 3, 742, 572. 47 Average training hours of ordinary employees Hour 85. 20 Percentage of ordinary employees trained 88. 85 Number of employees' complaints and reports Case 2 Number of complaints resolved Case 2 Performance Indicators Employment-R elated Performance Indicators Indicator Indicator Unit 2022 Data Total number of employees Person 47, 329 Total number of male employees Person 27, 861 Total number of female employees Person 19, 468 Total number of full-time employees Person 47, 297 Total number of part-time employees Person 32 Total number of minority employees Person 3, 676 Total number of disabled employees Person 65 Total number of employees aged 30 and below Person 16, 282 Total number of employees aged 31-50 (including 50) Person 30, 034 Total number of employees aged above 50 Person 1, 013 Total number of employees at overseas Person 2, 420 Total number of employees in Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan Person 7 Total number of employees in the Chinese mainland Person 44, 902 Total number of employees with master's degree or above Person 1, 581 Total number of employees with bachelor's degree Person 17, 453 Total number of employees with college's degree Person 15, 469 Total number of employees with high school education or below Person 12, 826 Total number of male employees in senior management Person 14 Percentage of male employees in senior management 73. 68 Total number of female employees in senior management Person 5 Percentage of female employees in senior management 26. 32 Total number of male employees in middle management Person 2, 495 Percentage of male employees in middle management 73. 77 Total number of female employees in middle management Person 887 Percentage of female employees in middle management 26. 23 Employee turnover rate 15. 47 Turnover rate of male employees 16. 56 Turnover rate of female employees 13. 75 Turnover rate of employees aged 30 and below 22. 60 Turnover rate of employees aged 31-50 (including 50) 11. 19 Turnover rate of employees aged 50 and above 10. 62 Turnover rate of employees at overseas 0Indicator Indicator Unit 2022 Data Occupational disease cases Case 0 Employee deaths related to work-related incidents Person 0 (0 for three consecutive years) Employee death rate due to work-related incidents3 0 (0 for three consecutive years) Total investment in safety measures 10, 000 7, 528. 94 Full-time safety personnel Person 210 Lost work hours due to work injuries Hour 5, 399 Employee physical examination coverage rate 100 Occupational health and safety training coverage rate 100Occupational Health and Safety Performance Indicators 3. Employee death rate due to safety production accidents Number of death related to safety production accidents Total number of employees 100 The statistical scope of data related to employee turnover is within Mengniu's principal business. Responsibility- Common Prosperity Work-related death information reflects the date of employees who died as a result of safety production accidents and the scope is within Mengniu's principal business. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable In 2022, Mengniu held the Dairy Ecosystem 2025 Value Sharing Release Conference, inviting more than 500 representatives from government authorities, industry experts, financial institutions, and Mengniu's industrial chain partners to attend the conference. This activity aims to actively implement the national dairy industry revitalization strategy, help to improve the quality and efficiency of the dairy industry and the competitiveness of the industry, and further strengthen the cooperation relationship of the industrial chain of Mengniu, to achieve the win-win growth of the industry chain. In 2022, Mengniu promoted the planting of more than 6 million mu and 12 million tonnes of high-quality forage grass nationwide, led the breeding of more than 1. 7 million dairy cows, distributed nearly RMB 32 billion of milk payments, directly and indirectly pushed forward more than 4 million herdsmen nationwide to increase their income. In recent years, Mengniu has laid out and established more than 10 planting, breeding and processing dairy industry parks nationwide. In 2022, Mengniu and its strategic partners built more than 30 new pastures directly and indirectly increasing the employment and income of more than 60, 000 farmers. In 2022, Mengniu invested in the construction of China Dairy Industry Park and promoted the employment of local migrant workers through project construction and industrial chain investment. In the construction phase of the Green Future Dairy Industry Chain Demonstration Base, the Company gave priority to absorbing local rural labor, solving nearly 2, 000 people's employment, and becoming an important force to drive industrial revitalization of the countryside. Industrial Revitalization In 2022, Mengniu upgraded and released the Dairy Ecosystem 2025 Value Sharing strategy. In 2022, Mengniu conducted the Milk Donation Program of Inclusive Nutrition Plan in 277 schools in 58 cities of 20 provinces across the country, donating more than 3. 97 million boxes of milk and covering 179, 200 student person-time. In the past five years, Mengniu has benefited nearly one million student person-time in 28 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities across the country. Rural Primary School Principal Empowerment Program In January 2022, Mengniu s Future Star Student Milk Brand teamed up with Southern Weekly, a renowned media in China, to launch the Bell Ringer Empowerment Program to deliver health management concepts and methods to village primary school principals from a professional perspective and to stress the importance of nutrition to children in rural schools. In December 2022, China Youth Development Foundation, Mengniu Group, Southern Weekly and 21st Century Education Research Institute jointly released the Investigation and Res6earch Report on Nutrition and Health Education of Rural Primary Schools in Central and Western Regions. The report analyzed the current situation and needs of nutrition and health education in rural primary schools and proposed systematic policy recommendations to attract public attention. The number of schools donated by Inclusive Nutrition Projectschools 179, 200 The number of students covered by Inclusive Nutrition Projectperson-time 3. 97 The number of milk product donated by Inclusive Nutrition Projectmore than million boxes Responsibility- Common Prosperity 50 51 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Multiple Assistance Guided by Party building work, Mengniu promotes the rural revitalization through solving funding issues with financial institutions, improving dairy farmers' capabilities by technology training, developing professional talents through education and helping rural construction by fund donation. In the past three years, the party committee of Mengniu Group has jointly promoted the establishment of 62 Party branches in cooperative pastures, established 657 Party building bases with Mengniu characteristics, and formed a Party building alliance with 189 cooperative units such as government, banks, and cooperative pastures. Mengniu has also held 139 Party building activities. In the year of 2022, Mengniu provided RMB 7. 6 billion to support the upstream pastures to meet various financial needs, such as the purchasing of cows, forage and equipments, transformation and upgrading, breeding of high-quality breeds and information construction solving the problem of cash flow difficulty for farmers and herdsmen. In 2022, Mengniu launched 29 public training sessions on pasture technology improvement, reaching 330, 000 person-time participation. Mengniu also precisely helped 156 pastures to improve the refinement and scientific level of feeding management throughout the year. In addition, Mengniu launched the second phase of the Advanced Talent Training Class for Modern Dairy Farms, comprehensively enhanced the professional and technical abilities of herdsment and farmers. Party branches Party building bases Launched 29 training sessions on pasture technology improvement, covering 330, 000 person-time, helped 156 pastures. trainings, 330, 000 person-time pastures 156 In order to standardize the development of the Group's public welfare undertakings and improve the social responsibility development system, Mengniu has set up the Inner Mongolia Mengniu Public Welfare Foundation. With the mission vision of Nutrition Benefits All Life, Every Life Should Excel, the foundation focuses on nutrition empowerment, balanced development, environmental protection and other fields, and carries out charitable projects through knowledge research, systematic funding and public Advocacy. In addition, Mengniu has formulated standards for employee volunteer service activities and carried out systematic volunteer service activities. In the future, Mengniu will continue to take on systematic and strategic public welfare and charity work to undertake its corporate social responsibility. In 2022, the number of Mengniu volunteers exceeded 10, 000 times of people participation and the time spent on volunteer service was nearly 20, 000 hours. Youth Football Public Welfare of Project Hope Mengniu leverages the power of public welfare to promote the physical and mental health of young children, helping to develop China youth football undertaking and empower the future of Chinese football undertaking. The activity selected 247 football teenagers from Xinjiang, Tibet, Qinghai, Sichuan, Jiangxi and other regions to participate in the Mengniu Youth Football Summer Camp, and finally selected 11 football teenagers to participate in Qatar World Cup. In addition, Mengniu also launched football donation campaign, which sent 10, 000 high-quality footballs, well- equipped campus football training equipments and Mengniu student milk to hundreds of primary and secondary schools in 57 cities of 23 provinces across the country to help the development of campus football. Mengniu's expenditure on charitable onationsRMB million 10, 000 The person-time of Mengniu volunteers involved in public welfare activitiesmore than person-time 20, 000 Volunteer service timehours Public Welfare Care Mengniu actively practices social welfare, promotes nutrition and health, cares for all social groups, fulfills corporate social responsibility, and makes every life thrive with every drop of nutrition. Honors With the outstanding contribution of high-quality industrial development to rural revitalization, Mengniu won the Xinhua Credit's Golden Orchid Cup ESG Outstanding Contribution Case Award hosted by China Economic Information Service and the 2022 Annual Responsibility Practice Rural Revitalization Award by The Paper. CharityResponsibility- Common Prosperity 52 53 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableDisaster Relief and Support In 2022, an earthquake of magnitude 6. 8 occurred in Luding County, Ganzi Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan Province, which severely affected Ganzi Prefecture and Shimian County, and damaged water, electricity, transportation and communication infrastructures. After the disaster, Mengniu immediately took relief actions and donated RMB 10 million to the earthquake-stricken area to fully support the earthquake relief work and help the affected area to restore as soon as possible. For the fourth consecutive year, Mengniu donated nearly 6, 000 books, clothes, and other materials to Mengzi City, Honghe Hani and Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan Province. In addition, Mengniu launched a care program for elderly people with no family and disabled elderly people, benefiting nearly a thousand elderly people. Overseas Corporate Citizenship As the most influential dairy enterprise in China, Mengniu also shoulders the mission of leading China dairy to the world in the process of internationalization. Mengniu has actively participated in the Dairy Nourishes Africa (DNA) project initiated by the Global Dairy Platform (GDP). The project focuses on dairy processors and addresses local nutrition security, people's livelihoods and economic growth by promoting the transformation of the local dairy value chain. Mengniu actively carries out public welfare and charity activities in New Zealand, Australia, Indonesia and other places where we operates overseas, focusing on community public welfare, low-carbon environmental protection, nutrition and health, etc. This year, Yashili donated to the New Zealand Child Cancer Foundation to support the treatment of children with cancer. Yashili proactively fulfilled corporate responsibility and participated in the 2022 New Zealand Primary Industries Summit to discuss the challenges and opportunities of industrial development with industry experts. At the conference, Ag Research (a team that breeds low methane emitting sheep) sponsored by Yashili was awarded the Science and Research Award. Bellamy's of Mengniu is committed to social welfare activities. Honors Mengniu was the only dairy enterprise wining the Inner Mongolia Charity Award. Adhering to the concept of Promising a Healthier World, Mengniu is committed to establishing an environmentally friendly production system, and promise to achieve carbon neutrality across the entire industry chain by 2050. Under the pillar of Environment-Carbon Net- Zero of GREEN strategy, Mengniu has comprehensively carried out greenhouse gas management, water resources management, waste management, packaging material recycling and other actions to minimize the impact on the environment by setting up three topics, namely, Dual-Carbon Action, Green Operation and Recycle. SDGs We Focused in this Section Dual-Carbon ActionGreen OperationRecycleHighlights in 2022 Dual-Carbon Action Mengniu's Qujing factory was certified by Germany's T V Rheinland and China's Guangzhou Emissions Exchange, becoming the first internationally and domestically dual certified zero-carbon emission factory in the dairy industry. Yashili Reeborne Jingzhi of Mengniu infant formula milk powder 700g and 750g obtained carbon neutrality product certificates for its Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 product, achieving relatively zero greenhouse gas emissions. Mengniu promoted ISO 50001 Energy Management System Certification coverage, achieving 100 certified of Mengniu's factories. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has promoted cooperating pastures to replace 57 coal-fired boilers, adopt 71 water conservation measures, and apply 30 clean energy projects, achieving a carbon emission reduction of about 180, 000 tonnes. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has installed more than 14. 6MW of solar photovoltaic capacity, increased by 8. 96 compared with 2021. Green Operation By the end of 2022, 27 factories have been certified as National- level Green Factory. plants obtained GB T24001-2016 ISO14001 2015 Environmental Management System Certification. Mengniu has invested more than RMB 200 million in ecological and environmental protection, completed 21 key environmental protection renovation projects, and supervised the discharge of pollutants in 38 sewage treatment plants of the Group to meet the sewage discharge standards. Mengniu's freshwater consumption per unit product decreased by 1. 54 compared with 2021 and annual water saving resched 859, 700 tonnes (including 421, 600 tonnes in social water savings). In 2022, 5 factories were newly awarded with the title of provincial water conservation enterprise and 1 factory was newly awarded with the title of municipal water conservation benchmark enterprise. Mengniu product packaging designs were included in CGF Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets. A number of Mengniu products have obtained the Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to-Recycle certifications (Double-E Certification) issued by T V Rheinland. A number of Mengniu factories have been granted Zero-Waste Factory certification by T V Rheinland. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Dual-Carbon Action (TCFD Chapter) We use the framework suggested by TCFD4 to disclose Mengniu's climate related information. Low carbon development is the development path commonly recognized by all sectors of the global community, and it is also the common action taken by different stakeholders to address climate change. Under the framework of the Company's GREEN strategy, Mengniu has set the strategic goals of achieving carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050, comprehensively carried out greenhouse gases emission management such as carbon calculation and climate risks and opportunities identification, continuously explored action plans in responding to climate change, as well as fulfilled environmental responsibilities with upstream and downstream enterprises in ecological protection, thus influencing and driving the whole industrial chain to achieve low-carbon development. Governance Level The Board of Directors of Mengniu oversees climate change related matters of the Company, makes decisions on the Group's climate change policies and strategic planning, supervises the process and results of identifying climate change and low-carbon development risks and opportunities, reviews and monitors climate change-related goals, as well as listens to the management's report on climate change related matters and makes recommendations. Management Level Mengniu's core senior management conduct overall deployment and systematic promotion of the Group's low-carbon related work, coordinate the formulation of major policies and strategic plans, identify risks and opportunities related to climate change and low-carbon development, manage climate change-related goals, and clarify the climate change-related functions of the Group's different business departments. The core management of Mengniu Group is the highest leadership and decision- making body of the Group's carbon emission management work. The Group's Safety and Quality Management Department is responsible for the overall coordination of the Group's carbon peak and carbon neutrality matters, formulating the guidelines and strategic plans for low-carbon development, including the Mengniu Group Low-Carbon Development Plan (2023-2025), Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Management Method and Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Accounting Technical Guide, to guide and deploy carbon emission management and build up a carbon emission management system. The Group's Safety and Quality Management Department unifies, coordinates, deploys, guides and supervises the carbon emission management of each business unit, and allocates carbon emission targets to each business unit and carries out evaluation assessment, to form a management system with methodology, strategy, planning and process, and steadily promotes the dual-carbon action. Executive Level Mengniu's business units execute the Group's low-carbon development policy, undertake the Group's low-carbon development plan, formulate the business unit's low-carbon development implementation plan and related management documents, refine and decompose reduction targets, deploy and implement carbon reduction and emission reduction measures, as well as quantify reduction effects, meanwhile, business units report their carbon reduction progress and achieved status of carbon targets to the Group, forming a top-down and full-coverage dual-carbon action mechanism. Moveover, Mengiu's factories implement business units' low-carbon development measures, collect factory-level carbon emissions data, ensure the achievement of business units' carbon targets, and report the results of carbon reduction efforts to business units. At the scope 1 and scope 2 aspects, we actively carry out our own carbon emission management, practice emission reduction, energy conservation, and renewable energy utilization projects. In terms of scope 3, we carry out value chain collaboration on carbon reduction. At the same time, we carry out climate change scenario recognition, climate change risk and opportunity analysis, and climate impact evaluation on the Company in terms of operation and finance. Phase I 2023-2025 Combining the Company s 2025 strategic planning, Mengniu calculates the phased carbon peak value, focuses on scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions reduction, and explores and deploys scope 3 GHG emissions reduction measures. In 2025, the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 165kg CO2e t. 2030-2050 With the target of carbon neutrality, Mengniu maintains the GHG emission reduction measures and achievements in scope 1 and 2, and promotes comprehensive GHG emission reduction in scope 3. The proportion of renewable clean energy increases and the product carbon footprint decreases year by year. In 2050, Mengniu achieves carbon neutrality in scope 1, 2 and 3. In line with the Group s phase I strategic planning and industrial structure adjustment, Mengniu continues to promote the reduction of scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions, and deepen the implementation of the scope 3 GHG emissions reduction measures. In 2030, the absolute value of the scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reaches the peak, and the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 160kgCO2e t. Phase IIIPhase II 2025-2030 58 59 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Internationally and Domestically Dual-C ertified Zero-Carbon Emission Factory Mengniu's Qujing factory received the Carbon Neutrality and Zero-Carbon Emission Factory Certificate from Germany's T V Rheinland and the Carbon Neutrality Certificate from China's Guangzhou Emissions Exchange. The plant incorporates green building materials, low-carbon raw materials and accessories, and clean energy during its design, construction, and operation to achieve sustainable development. Currently, about 100 of the plant's electricity comes from green sources. Green design and construction The factory has integrated the concepts of green and low-carbon into its design, rationally planned the layout of workshops and lighting zones, and used green and environmentally friendly building materials. Energy-saving technology The factory has established an intelligent energy management system and utilizes high-efficiency kinetic energy equipment to implement various energy-saving and emission-reduction projects. Clean energy The factory has expanded its clean energy channels and increased the proportion of clean energy used. Emission Reduction Empowerment Mengniu has undertaken carbon emission accounting capacity building, with ongoing implementation of the L earning W hile Doing carbon emission accounting empowerment program, covering all carbon emission accounting personnel in the company, ensuring that they possess the skills required for carbon emission accounting and monitoring. In 2022, the Company conducted 12 training sessions on environmental protection and low-carbon themes, covering more than 200 full-time carbon management personnel from the Group, Business Units and factories. Scope 1 and 2 GHG Management Based on the Group's dual-carbon target and strategic plan, Mengniu has clarified the focus of carbon reduction in production- related scope 1 and 2. Mengniu regards improving the utilization rate of production capacity, improving the utilization rate of energy, recycling surplus energy and optimizing energy structure as the core contents of production-related carbon reduction. Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction Mengniu practices green production and continuously reduces energy consumption while improving energy utilization efficiency at each factory through two dimensions emission reduction and efficiency enhancement. Green value, the sum of the financial, environmental, social, benefits that a green product or service can provide to the consumers. Systematic Management Technological Diversification 12 Training sessions on environmental protection and low-carbon themesSessions 200 Training coverageFull-time Carbon Management Personnelmore thanThe Company promoted ISO 50001 Energy Management System Certification and achieved 100 coverage of its own factories; applied TPM energy-saving and cost-reduction tools, and fromied an energy-saving and cost-reduction team to promote the lean management of the energy system; innovatively applied visualized tools to identify energy risks, and outputted 4 visualized risk maps of solar energy, wind energy, water resources and mechanical and electrical equipment energy efficiency improvement, so as to prevent and control energy compliance risks. Adhering to the concept of Reducing energy consumption and increasing green value5, the Company promoted the application of new energy-saving and carbon-reducing technologies around the ideas of Exploration-pilot- promotion. In 2022, 66 energy and water conservation technologies and 4 new energy conservation and carbon reduction technologies were explored and exported. Mengniu completed 51 energy-saving renovation projects throughout the year, achieving annual energy saving of about 2, 970. 3 tonnes of standard coal. The factory installed a new descaling equipment on the heat exchanger of the evaporating refrigeration workshop, achieving 8 to 10 power saving in the evaporative cooling system. Boiler Flexibility Enhancement Project Mengniu's Room Temperature Business Unit conducted a boiler flexibility enhancement project at its Baotou factory, which includes improving the reliability and safety of the gas boiler system, ensuring accurate steam metering, increasing the intelligence of the control system, and enhancing the energy efficiency, stability, safety, and environmental friendliness of equipment operation. No smoke Blue Sky Factory The Maanshan Factory of Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit launched the Waste Heat to Treasure-Creating a 'No Smoke' Blue Sky Factory Project, pioneered the waste heat recovery technology and obtained national patent authorization. The project is based on the workshop's usage needs and, through in-depth research and careful polishing, has achieved the goal of recycling all the waste condensate water and white smoke in the workshop's waste heat main pipe, effectively solving the problem of heat energy waste. Air Conditioning System Optimization Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit's air conditioning system used return air circulation control to supplement the minimum fresh air volume, which reduced system energy consumption by about 10 while maintaining clean indoor air. Supply-Demand Matching of Compressed Air System Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit's compressed air system reduced the target pressure by 8 by balancing fresh ari supply and demand, achieving an energy conversion efficiency improvement of over 4. Capacity utilization has a crucial impact on the e ciency of energy use in production activities and is an important measure to reduce production-related carbon emissions. Mengniu has improved the utilization rate of production capacity by shortening process transfer time, optimizing material pipeline transportation, and investing in automated and intelligent production equipment. Mengniu explores energy-saving opportunities in each stage of the production process and integrates energy-saving measures into the entire production process, by doing so, Mengniu has improved the energy ultilization rate in our production through installing intelligent control equipment, reducing equipment idling, reducing transmission loss, optimizing equipment parameters, and upgrading energy-saving equipment. Multi-level utilization of surplus energy is of great signi cance for energy saving and emission reduction in our production, and is an important part for us to implement re ned energy management. Optimizing Energy Structure 60 61 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu Smart Energy System In 2022, the Company upgraded its smart energy system to help reduce energy costs and support energy regulation and decision- making. The project optimized the 8 major functional modules of the system covering 61 units, including improving the loading speed of each module and realizing efficient utilization of modules. At the same time, the Room Temperature Product Business Unit upgraded the energy sub-systems in the the workshop, implementing centralized control, automatic data collection, and intelligent comprehensive analysis of energy information to optimize management processes and continuously improve energy conversion efficiency. Mengniu actively promotes the application of green energy. By the end of 2022, Mengniu's installed capacity of solar photovoltaics exceeded 14. 6 MW, representing a year-on-year increase of more than 8. 96. New Energy Conversion and Transformation of Lighting Facilities The Dangyang Plant of Ice Cream Product Business Unit implemented a new energy conversion project for its lighting facilities, installed 24 sets of low-voltage solar-powered energy-saving devices in the main road area of the factory, which convert solar energy into electricity. The project contributed to an annual electricity savings of approximately 5, 000 kilowatt-hours, while also reducing the factory's carbon emissions. Scope 3 GHG Management Mengniu pays close attention to the environmental impacts of the value chain, incorporates the value chain carbon reduction into its dual-carbon strategy, leads the important components such as the pasture end and product end of the value chain to explore low-carbon development together. Mengniu has developed a carbon management planning and designed carbon reduction paths for pastures, which includes adjusting feed composition and structure, managing and optimizing herd structure, optimizing manure management and improving energy utilization efficiency of pastures. In terms of energy-saving and emission reduction technology transformation in pastures, Mengniu has launched low-carbon breeding training programs in pastures to encourage pastures to reduce the use of coal-fired boilers, upgrade water-saving systems, and use clean energy to replace traditional fossil energy, thus contributing to the power of Mengniu for the carbon reduction and low-carbon transformation of the industrial chain. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has promoted a total of 57 replacements of coal-fired boilers, adopted 71 water-saving measures, and implemented 30 clean energy projects in cooperating pastures, bringing a carbon reduction of about 180, 000 tonnes. At the same time, we continue improving the management of farm feed procurement and proposing water pollution management requirements for farm feed suppliers. Furthermore, we actively promoted local feed procurement projects, giving priority to local resources and purchasing corn kernels, silage corn, pressed corn, straw and other products from the surrounding area of the farm to reduce carbon emissions from feed transportation and promote local economic development. Mengniu Green Building In early 2023, Mengniu's Ningxia factory was awarded the LEED Gold Certification for green building by the U. S. Green Building Council. As an authoritative third- party assessment and certification, LEED Certification has great significance in improving the reputation of the building, saving its operation and maintenance costs, and advocating a green and low-carbon lifestyle. The Ningxia project adopted green building technologies such as the solar power generation technology, the reclaimed water recovery technology, the highly reflective materials, and so forth to ensure that the Ningxia project is in line with international standards. Our LEED Gold Certification for green building is the first of its kind in the domestic dairy industry, and has become an important milestone for Mengniu's in green and low-carbon development, marking that Mengniu has outstanding and excellent performance in terms of energy saving, water saving, reducing carbon dioxide emissions, improving indoor living quality and materials in the design and construction. Refrigerator Replaced by External Circulation of Cold Storage Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit, in view of the fact that the outdoor temperature in the northern China is relatively low in winter, used fans to introduce outdoor cold air to circulate the cold storage for cooling and stops using Freon refrigerators to save electricity. Avoiding excessive protein intake Increasing fatty acid intake moderately Reducing methane emissions with additives Reducing forage maturityAdjusting Feed Composition and Structure Lowering the rate of cow culling Shortening the calving interval Advancing the rst calving time of young cattleManaging and Optimizing Herd Structure Reducing manure storage process emissions Using biogas to generate electricity Utilizing occulant to assist in solid-liquid separation Applying better manure treatmentOptimizing Manure Management Practices Upgrading high energy consuming equipments (such as intelligent water-saving and electricity-saving systems) Replacing fossil fuel equipments (replacing coal- red boilers, fuel vehicles, etc.) Green electricity (such as photovoltaic power generation, etc.)Improving the E ciency of Energy Use in Pastures 62 63 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero GHG Management of China Modern Dairy China Modern Dairy of Mengniu, focuses on the carbon emission reduction efficiency of the entire chain in top-level design and strategy planning. From soil management of planting land and research on gastrointestinal fermentation technology, to the introduction of manure collection and anaerobic fermentation system, and photovoltaic energy, as well as the efficient breeding and production of cows, China Modern Dairy has achieved breakthroughs and emission reduction throughout the entire chain. China Modern Dairy's manure treatment system and recycling model reduce the use of outsourced padding and energy while achieving low-carbon environmental protection, and reduce carbon emission by at least 40 in the manure treatment and comprehensive energy utilization process. The manure treatment system and recycling model of China Modern Dairy has been recognized as an outstanding case for reducing carbon emissions from breeding activities in the agricultural food industry and is highlighted in the report Corporate Climate Target Setting, Action and Global Collaboration Towards a Net-Zero Future-Accelerate 2030 Agenda For Sustainable Development Through Global Development Initiative published by the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC). GHG Management of China Shengmu China Shengmu of Mengniu, has integrated carbon reduction into the management of raw milk production and other operational aspects, established a carbon management team and mechanism, and completed the Carbon Emissions Baseline Inventory. From the aspects of green breeding, green planting, green transportation, and green processing, Shengmu is aiming to build a green low-carbon eco-system driven by the dual elements of Planting, Rearing and Processing carbon reduction and Agriculture, Forestry and Meadow carbon sequestration. Currently, all the traditional boilers in Shengmu's pasture have been replaced by air source heat pumps using clean energy and the proportion of clean energy used in production and operations will be further increased in the future. In 2022, China Shengmu achieved significant carbon reduction efforts, with an expected carbon emission of 626, 000 tonnes and an actual carbon emission of 660, 000 tonnes, achieving a target completion rate of 94. At the same time, the carbon emissions intensity of China Shengmu have been reduced to 1. 03kgCO 2e kg milk, a decrease of 7. 2 compared to 2021. The carbon emissions from green breeding, manure management, and energy use have been reduced to 321, 400 tonnes, 141, 200 tonnes, and 110, 200 tonnes, respectively. Mengniu's case of Building a Green Ecological Circle and Promoting Zero Carbon Development in the Dairy Industry was included in the case collection. This case introduces how Mengniu implemented carbon reduction actions in factories and pastures, including energy-saving transformation, fine management, renewable energy utilization, changing feed structure and feeding methods, increasing forestry carbon sinks and soil carbon sinks. China Modern Dairy conduct comprehensive carbon calculation, covering all pastures and new business sectors that under its operation control. China Modern Dairy have gathered momentum for the continuous implementation of carbon reduction strategy through adopting a Create the Demonstration Pasture strategy, and making horizontally comparation among different pastures to inspire their growth; establishing a support system to improve data collection efficiency and enhance professional capabilities in dual-carbon work; conducting trainings related to carbon emission reduction, and developing Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) of carbon emission. At present, in addition to newly acquired pastures, China Modern Dairy's existing pastures have decreased the carbon emission intensity in three units of manure management, energy utilization, and gastrointestinal fermentation, by 10. 4, 2. 0 and 2. 7, respectively, achieving a balance between carbon reduction and efficient production, as well as a virtuous cycle of emission reduction investment and production efficiency output. In April 2023, China Classification Society Certification Co., Ltd. conducted greenhouse gas verification on China Modern Dairy of Mengniu and issued the certificate of verification on greenhouse gas emission. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Low- Carbon P ackaging Mengniu actively collaborates with the leading packaging material suppliers to develop and promote the application of low-carbon packaging, and strives to achieve full coverage of low-carbon packaging while ensuring packaging quality for all of our product. Mengniu's First Label-Free Product In 2022, Mengniu launched its first label-free product, Mengniu Yoyi C 0 Sucrose, which met the Golden Design Rules of the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF)7 and was selected in the Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets, making it a pioneer in carbon reduction and environmental protection packaging. Carbon footprint reduction the carbon footprint reduced 44. 6 Plastic reduction Upgrading the production process to eliminate the use of PET plastic bottle labels Ink reduction Designing a semi-transparent white bottle body to remove the use of ink Easy to recycle Optimizing packaging structure, changing PS material to PP material, making it easier to be recycled 7. Golden Design Rules Product packaging design principles launched by the Consumer Goods Forum, aims to accelerate the process of less plastic, betterFor more information, please refer to Chapter Environment-Carbon Net Zero -Recycle. Low-Carbon Products Mengniu inspects the environmental impact of its products from the whole life cycle perspective. Yashili's Milk Powder Products Obtained Carbon Neutrality Certification Mengniu's Yashili infant formula milk powder brand Reeborne Jingzhi obtained carbon neutrality product certificates for its Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 product, achieving relatively zero greenhouse gas emissions. The carbon footprint accounting of this product follows the requirements of ISO 14067 2018 Greenhouse Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products-Requirements and Guidelines for Quantification and PAS 2050 2011 Specification for the Assessment of the Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Goods and Services, covering greenhouse gas emissions throughout the product's life cycle includes greenhouse gas emissions from upstream raw material extraction and processing, raw material transportation, product manufacturing, product sales and transportation, product use and product disposal stages. The factory of Yashili reduces carbon emissions by undertaking energy conservation and reduction projects, using environmentally friendly plastics and carton packaging, and purchasing raw materials from suppliers certified with green electricity and biomass steam certificates, while offsetting carbon emissions from products by purchasing carbon offset credits. Calculation of Carbon Footprint of Yoyi C Products Mengniu pays attention to product carbon footprints, considering possibilities for carbon reduction in all stages and continuing to reduce carbon footprints of Mengniu's product. This year, the Company measured the carbon footprint of Yoyi C Zero Sucrose Active Probiotics Milk Beverage. The carbon footprint of this product is 301. 81gCO 2e per bottle, which is measured in accordance with ISO 14067 2018 Greenhouse Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products-Requirements and Guidelines for Quantification and PAS 20050 2011 Specification for the Assessment of the Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Goods and Services, covering stages of raw materials sourcing, manufacturing, distribution and trial, use and final disposal. Carbon emissions reduction of buying eco-friendly bottles., The reduction in carbon emissions is equivalent to the number of trees planted Data from Mengniu Youyi C 0 Sucrose Product Bottle Label Removal Carbon Reduction Calculation Report Low-Carbon Transportation The Company has an extensive logistics transportation network, covering the transportation of upstream raw materials and downstream products. The Company has paid attention to carbon emissions in the logistics transportation process, gradually upgraded logistics vehicles to electric vehicles, replaced fossil fuels with biomass fuels and optimized the structure of transportation logistics to establish a more efficient and low-carbon logistics system. Procurement of Green Logistics Service Providers Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit requires road transportation service providers to commit to the deployment of new energy electric vehicles and increase their use in areas with suitable natural conditions and transportation distances. Adoption of Intensive Transportation Methods Mengniu is accelerating the shift of medium and long-distance freight transportation from road to rail and water transportation, vigorously developing multimodal transportation such as rail-water, road-rail, and road-water, increasing the share of railway and waterway in comprehensive transportation, and continuously reducing energy consumption and carbon emissions. Mengniu Fresh Milk Business Unit has increased railway transportation, integrated transportation resources during transportation, which reduces transportation distance, increases loading capacity as well as reducing shipping frequency and energy consumption. Project of Urban Electric Truck Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit encourages and promotes urban logistics partners to use new energy refrigerated electric trucks in certain regions on a pilot basis to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions.., Carbon emissions reduced by purchasing eco-friendly bottles., Reduction in carbon emissions equivalent to the number of trees planted 66 67 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Climate Change Scenarios According to the business operations, Mengniu assessd the potential climate-related risks that the Company may face in the future based on the Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSP) adopted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). For the objective situation of group operations and potential external environment such as natural ecology and socioeconomic environment in the future, Mengniu identified influential factors in terms of warming, sea level, extreme climate, climate policies, energy technology changes, land utilization and dietary habits, and chose SSP1 (strict path) and SSP5 (high emissions path) to carry out climate scenario analysis. Data source The Sixth Assessment Report of Working Group (WGI) of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), CMIP6 climate models and Fossil-fueled development (SSP5) An energy and resource intensive scenario for the 21st centuryClimate Change Risk and Opportunity Analysis Mengniu analyzed the potential impact on its operations under the SSP1 and SSP5 climate scenarios and identified the potential physical and transition risks under different climate scenarios. Risk Identification and Response of Entity Risk for Mengniu Business Under SSP5 Scenario Under the SSP5 scenario, greenhouse gas emissions prior to 2100 will remain at a high level, which could potentially exacerbate extreme weather events. Therefore, in this scenario, Mengniu will face more challenges from physical risks. Mengniu identified and analyzed the potential impacts, impact cycles, and response measures under acute and chronic physical risks. Category SSP 1 Scenario SSP 5 Scenario Natural ecology 8Warming By 2040, global mean temperature will be risen by 1. 6 C compared with the pre- industrial period (2. 0 C by 2100)By 2040, global mean temperature will be risen by 1. 7 compared with the pre- industrial period (5. 2 by 2100) Sea level By 2040, sea level will be increased by 0. 1 meters compared with the pre-industrial period (0. 4 meters by 2100)By 2040, sea level will be increased by 0. 1 meters compared with the pre-industrial period (0. 7 meters by 2100) Extreme climate The frequency and intensity of extreme climate will be increased to a certain degreeThe frequency and intensity of extreme climate will be increased significantly Socioeconomic environmentClimate policy Several countries, regions and economies will issue progressively tighter low-carbon related policies and regulations, make long- term net zero emissions or carbon neutrality target commitments, and manage global environmental issuesDue to the influence of energy structure, policy, economy and other factors, countries are climate policy and management of local environmental issues Energy technology changes Reduce the use of fossil fuels and shift to renewable energy sourcesRely on fossil fuels without actively pursue alternative energy sources Land utilization Establish strict regulations to prevent behavior that may affect the environment and ecologyFormulate moderate regulations to gradually reduce the rate of deforestation Dietary habits Dietary preference is on less meat type diet Meaty dietRisk Risk Description Risk Response Acute physical risk Extremely cold weather The energy consumption of maintaining a constant temperature increase during the operation of the factory The energy consumption of maintaining the constant temperature environment of animals increases The cost related to the loss and maintenance of gas supply pipeline facilities increases The operation risk of field station operators and outdoor workers increases Formulating prevention and control measures for safety and supply risks in winter under extremely cold conditions Typhoon Severe damage to power or water supply facilities for production, causing some factories' production lines and other operations to stop operatingThe construction cost increase as factories and pastures are designed to cope with strong wind Problems such as raw milk sourcing and production interruption occur in the supply chain, and the Company involves in supply interruption, compensation and legal liability Formulating a typhoon emergency relief plan Raising the flood control steps to improve the ability to resist natural disasters Extreme precipitation and flooding The risk of flooding of pastures and factories located in low-lying areas increases The physical impact of extreme precipitation on animals in raw milk supply chain affects raw milk production and quality Causing serious damage to the facilities of the enterprise Formulating emergency rescue plans for flood control and lightning protection Interconnected with the urban management information platform, greatly improving the timeliness of information acquisition Predicting and managing extreme precipitation events in advance, taking precaution measures, and relocating milk sources Extremely hot weather May affect the water and electricity consumption of production factories interference with normal production Increased heat stress reaction in cattles leads to limited raw milk production and affects milk production and quality The difficulty of keeping raw milk fresh increases in the process of transportation The possibility of food contamination and food-borne diseases increases The operating cost of ventilation, refrigeration and air conditioning in the field station increases The risk of field station operators and outdoor workers increases Financial impact According to calculations, in 2022, Mengniu invested approximately RMB600, 000 in the use and rental of generators due to the shortage of electricity caused by the dry weather. In response to the high temperature weather, factories will adjust their production strategy and activate the generator to ensure the electricity supply Developing a heat stroke emergency response plan Providing an adequate water source for cattles Ensuring the availability of high-quality feed Using more cattle sheds and shading structures Chronic physical risk Sea level rise The risk of write-off and early retirement of existing assets located in high-risk coastal areas increases, and the migration of some residential, investment and commercial activitie to inland areas affects existing markets The location, planning and design of new projects need to consider the impact of sea level rise Continuously monitor the rising trend of sea level Climate warming Fresh milk samples with regional dry period have higher degree of contamination, which increases food safety hazard The risk of heat wave, drought, and fire increases Energy consumption of gas supply facilities in winter may reduce Forming a complete cold-chain transportation supply chain Increasing the frequency of maintenance and inspection of transportation facilities 68 69 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Risk Identification and Response of Transformation Risk for Mengniu Business Under SSP1 Scenario Under the low-emission scenario, global macro policies and climate-related policies are becoming stricter, and the trend of social transition to low carbon may bring potential policy restrictions to enterprises, affecting their operations and revenues. In this context, Mengniu may face more challenges from the risks of transition. Risk Risk Description Risk Response Policies and laws Energy structure and energy use In the long term, the Country's energy mix will shift to a predominantly non-fossil energy source, while shifting energy use to low emission sources The risks and financial impacts related to policy changes depend on the nature and time frame of the policy changes Adopting high energy efficiency solutions Encouraging more measures to improve water efficiency Promoting more sustainable land and pasture use. Carbon pricing The government charges fees to carbon emitters, transfers the environmental impacts (i. e., external costs to the environment and society) caused by the emissions to the emitters and encourages them to change their business activities to reduce carbon emissions Implementing a corporate carbon-related asset management control mechanism Shifting energy use to low-emission sources Promoting comprehensive energy solutions Environmental information disclosure As climate change intensifies, measures such as carbon trading, carbon taxes, and environmental protection taxes will be implemented, and regulatory authorities will have higher requirements for the accuracy of environmental data reported by enterprises Disclosing energy consumption, carbon emissions and other data in a high-quality and transparent manner according to the rules and reporting guidelines of the regulatory agency Technology Risks in technological aspect The government generally encourages technological improvements or innovations in transitioning to a low- carbon, high-efficiency economic system, which could have a significant impact on our businesses Financial impact According to our calculation, Mengniu invested more than RMB 15 million in energy-saving facilities in 2022, mainly for energy-saving mechanical and electrical equipment upgrading, water treatment scale inhibition technological upgrading, energy consumption online monitoring, waste heat recovery, steam pipeline upgrading, etc Making active use of emerging technologies such as renewable energy, battery storage, and carbon capture and storage Reducing the carbon footprint of products Increasing green labels Market Customer preference shift Consumers are becoming more conscious of environmental protection, the low-carbon and environmental protection attributes of products become increasingly important criteria for consumption Implementing a diversified product strategy to provide more products with labels such as natural, organic and locally produced Providing environmentally conscious products that can be understood by consumers Reputation Failure to respond to the concerns of relevant parties More and more stakeholders are concerned about the climate response performance of listed companies, including but not limited to regulatory authorities, shareholders, partners, customers, the public, etc. If the Company does not take proper measures to conduct climate-related response appropriately, such as failing to timely identify legal requirements or failing to communicate with stakeholders on climate matters, may leads to the risk of damage to the Company's reputation The senior management of the Company attaches importance to the management and supervision related to climate change, and pays attention to the development of climate-related policy trends Incorporating the addressing climate change into the Company's GREEN strategy, implementing climate change response measures based on the Company's current situation, and planning future response strategies Disclosing climate-related information in accordance with the TCFD framework Strengthening communication with investors and consumersTransitional Opportunities to Address Climate Change We have carried out climate change opportunity identification and gradually planned corresponding impact assessment and response measures for the Company. Opportunity Opportunity Description Resource efficiency Through green operations such as energy saving and emission reduction, water resource management and waste management, Mengniu can directly reduce the Company's operating cost in the medium and long term, and curb global greenhouse gas emissions to a certain extent. Source of energy According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), in order to achieve global emission reduction targets, countries need to transition their primary energy sources to lower-emission renewable sources such as wind energy, solar energy, hydropower, geothermal energy and biofuels, etc. Financial impact According to calculations for this year, Mengniu purchased more than 7. 7 million kWh of green electricity in 2022, with a purchase cost of about RMB 5 million. Mengniu also invested about 14. 6MW in photovoltaic power generation projects this year. Adaptability For the dairy industry, responding to the corresponding risk management in climate change, finding green technology alternatives, improving production efficiency, designing new production processes and developing new products are all considerations for future development, only in this way can the Company diversify its products, marketing activities and enhance the resilience of traditional dairy enterprises. Products and services Promoting the development of green products vigorously, continuously innovating and developing new low-carbon products can effectively improve the industry competitive position of enterprises or organizations, such as plant-based products, etc. In addition, it can also effectively adapt to changes in consumer preferences. Year Total GHG Emissions (ten thousand tonnes of CO 2 equivalent) GHG Emission intensity (kgCO 2 equivalent kg product) 2018 110 0. 174 2019 116 0. 168 2020 127 0. 169 2021 136 0. 171 2022 143 0. 168Risk Management Mengniu has incorporated the potential climate risk into its risk assessment system, evaluated climate impacts and developed response measures. The senior management of the Company is responsible for conducting the risk assessment, and the Board of Directors of Mengniu reviews the results of the risk identification. From 2018 to 2021, the total GHG emission of the Group increased year by year, and the GHG emission intensity of products fluctuated within a reasonable range. The main reason for the increase in total GHG emission is the increase in production of the Group in 2022 under the overall strategy of Creating a New Mengniu by 2025. Mengniu is committed to continuously innovating and promoting new technologies and methods for energy saving and consumption reduction, adjusting the energy consumption structure and increasing the proportion of renewable energy use. In 2022, the GHG emission intensity decreased on an annual basis. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu GHG Emission Targets Mengniu has set carbon targets of achieving carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050, and set quantitative targets for GHG emissions per tonne of dairy products in different phases. In 2025, the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 165kg CO2e t. Phase I In 2030, the absolute value of the scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reaches the peak, and the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 160kg CO2e t. Phase II We continuously promote 15 key measures. And the proportion of renewable and clean energy increases year by year, and the carbon footprint of products decreases year by year. In 2050, Mengniu achieves carbon neutrality in scope 1, 2 and 3. Phase IIIGreen Operation Mengniu actively shoulders its responsibility for environmental protection, identifies and complies with the requirements of national laws and regulations related to environmental protection. Mengniu work continuously to reduce its negative impact on the environment by improving its own green operation system, setting various environmental protection targets, as well as conducting related environmental protection measures. In accordance with 196 national comprehensive and special environmental protection laws and regulations in 22 categories, Mengniu has formulated environmental protection management policies such as Mengniu Manual on Environmental Protection, Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning, Administrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling, Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projects, and Mengniu Guidebook for Environmental Protection Compliance, aiming to ensure environmental compliance during its production and operation process. Mengniu Manual on Environmental Protection as the guideline for Mengniu's green operation, has specified the environmental protection responsibilities of each functional department and business unit of the Group to ensure that the discharge of various pollutants conforms to the requirements of relevant national environmental protection laws, regulations and standards and avoid environmental pollution accidents. Environmental System Certification The Company continues promoting its environmental management system certification coverage. With the help of third-party profession, Mengniu has conducted a comprehensive diagnosis of the existing problems and promoted effective improvement according to relevant regulations and mechanisms, regulatory inspection of ecological environmental protection, and other requirements, in combination with the characteristics of the dairy industry. With the focus on major risks, Mengniu is aiming to practically improve the level of safety and environmental management. In 2022, a total of 49 factories of Mengniu were certified to ISO 14001 2018, with no serious non-conforming items were found during the audit. For general non-conforming items, we have completed 100 rectification, which have been confirmed by the third party supervising the audit. Environmental Risk Management Mengniu has conducted environmental protection risk analysis for its operations, visited and investigated its factories and pastures under Mengniu's control, and identified eight types of environmental risks, including wastewater, waste gas, feces, and solid waste, and divided these risks into 4 levels, 8 categories, and 12 risk items according to the degree of impact. Constant assessment Quaternary risk Tertiary risk Quaternary risk Tertiary risk Quaternary riskManure MonitoringTreatment of ranches manure Compliance of environmental testing Solid wastes Compliant treatment of hazardous waste General solid wastes Noises Factory noises Radiation Radiation safety and management Management Three simultaneous in Environmental projection Discharge permit The environmental manage- ment system certi cation Emergency management Specialized environmental protection personnelRisk Category WastewaterPrimary risk Waste gasEnvironmental Risk ItemRisk Degree Secondary risk Secondary riskElimination of coal- re boilers Odour from sewage water plant and ranchLack of facilities for pollution- prevention and control Treatment facilities for dephosphorization, and denitri cation To standardize the management of the Environmental Risk Map, the Company has developed the Mengniu Diary Administrative Measures for Environmental Risk Map in combination with the actual operation of the environmental map of each business unit to define risk rectification, process supervision, risk closure, and management assessment, to promote the standardization, scientification, and normalization of Mengniu environmental risk management process. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Environmental Compliance Training As the compliance requirements for environmental protection are becoming stricter, the Company is facing growing pressure for environmental protection. The Company reinforced the control requirement especially for factories located in key area and ensure fund investment, carried out improvement and enhancement of ecological and environmental protection in strict compliance with the latest laws, regulations and standards. In 2022, the Company invested more than RMB 200 million in ecological environmental protection, completed 21 environmental protection renovation projects, and supervised the discharge of pollutants in 38 sewage treatment plants of the Group to meet the sewage discharge standards. For environmental emergencies, each business unit of the Company has prepared and documented the Environmental Emergency Response Plan, formulated training plans and drill plans for emergency response plans. Also, each business unit conducts emergency response drills and training for environmental risks on a regular basis, as well as improves emergency response facilities and materials, and regularly inspectes the integrity and effectiveness of emergency response materials, facilities and equipment. Water Use Management Focusing on the concept of Prioritizing Water Conservation and Balanced Development, Mengniu has taken Defining City, Land, People And Industry Based On Water as the management principle, to pushed forward all-rounded management of water resource. Sustainable Development Committee oversees the Company's water resource issue. This platform has set a checkpoint activity for 10 major daily behaviors of sustainability in 4 categories including green commuting, green office, green living, and green public welfare, to transform the Group's GREEN strategy into employees' daily activities. Among the carbon reduction value, 145 kgCO 2e of scope II emission will be reduced through power saving measures such as turning off lights and 10, 885 kgCO 2e of scope III emission will be reduced through employee's green commuting, office consumables saving and other measures. In addition, through value chain carbon reduction measures including emloyee activities such as clean-dish action, using own cup, bottle recycling, used clothing donation, and other employees' independent carbon reduction actions, the platform have avoided or reduced greenhouse gas emissions in the value chain of 26, 764 kgCO 2e. Ningxia Inner Mongolia 5 Shandong Shaanxi Heilongjiang (2) Shanxi Henan Liaoning Hebei 6 SichuanGuangdongHubei 2 JiangsuAnhui 2 BeijingTianjinZhejiangYunnan 0. 00. 51. 01. 52. 02. 53. 04. 04. 55. 0 3. 5Water scarcity Flood probability Water quality Ecological status Biodiversity The number shown in parentheses represents the number of production bases in this areaWe continue reducing the pressure on local water resources influenced by our production operations by drawing water resource map and water flow map, putting into practice the 3U water-saving strategy, implementing water conservation demonstrations, and other activities. In 2022, Mengniu consumed 28. 2433 million tonnes of water, discharged 28. 062 million tonnes of reclaimed water, saved 859, 700 tonnes of water (including 421, 600 tonnes in social water savings). Meanwhile, Mengniu reused about 2. 257 million tonnes of reclaimed water, with a reclaimed fresh water reuse rate of 7. 5 and a utilization rate of 8 for alternative water resources. Mengniu's water consumption intensity in 2022 was 305. 02 tonnes of water consumed per million yuan revenue. In 2022, Mengniu's fresh water consumption per tonne of dairy product decreased by 1. 54 compared to 2021 and 3. 53 compared to 2020. 74 75 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Water Flow Map We started from the whole process of water resource utilization and drew the water flow map to systematically carry out water conservation management, explore water-saving potential, form water resource risk warning maps, and guide the implementation of water-saving technology upgrades. U Water-Saving Strategy Mengniu has implemented the 3U Water- Saving Strategy for the refined management of water resource. This year, we implemented 15 water-saving renovative measures to systematically explore the water-saving potential and achieve optimum efficiency of water resource utilization. In 2022, A TPM pilot factory received JIPM9 Excellence Award Category B certification. Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance, JIPMWater Use Management of Room Temperature Business Unit In 2022, Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit achieved an average water utilization rate of over 50. More than 90 of the factories achieved full recycling of the multi-media forward flushing water More than 90 of factories recycled the cooling water of degassing tanks More than 60 of the factories adopted the purified water RO (Reverse Osmosis) membrane for recycling and reuse More than 70 of factories recycled the cooling water of aseptic tanks More than 50 of factories recycled the cooling water of pumps More than 40 of the factories recycled the flushing water. Recycling of milk concentrated water In the process of the dehydration of milk, all the concentrated water that meets the requirements and standards for the water replenishment of the cooling tower is recycled to the power refrigeration system through pipelines, and then the water of all the condensers of the system and the cooling tower are connected to the water supply pipes, with excess water used for water replenishment of the cooling tower. In this way, we reduced water consumption by about 14, 000 tonnes during the year. Recovery of cooling water from UHT degassing tanks and crankcases of homogenizers All factories have achieved a recovery rate of 80 for the cooling water from degassing tanks and homogenizers, reducing 1. 2 million tonnes of cooling water discharge in total in the year. Recovery of flushing water and reverse osmosis concentrated water of multi-media tanks Tongliao and Tai'an factories have been equipped with recycled water reverse osmosis device to recover the forward flushing water from the multi-media tanks and the concentrated water produced by purified water RO (Reverse Osmosis) units. The treated water can reach the quality standards for softened water and is recycled to the softened water storage tank, achieving a recovery rate of more than 50 and a daily water recovery of more than 200 tonnes. Reuse of reclaimed water The Luannan factory has recycled the treated sewage to the power factory as cooling water to improve the utilization efficiency of water resources; the Bameng plant has worked with surrounding power plants in reusing reclaimed water. Water Use Management of Chilled Product Business Unit Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit has identified water loss with a digital energy system, conducted technology and management upgrades for water recycle. CIP renovation and upgrade of Chilled Product Business Unit Meishan factory The factory has realized the reuse of reclaimed flushing water by equipping water recovery tanks, saving about 60 tonnes of waterper day; meanwhile, it has optimized the number of the backward flushing water treatment equipment and adjusted the time interval for backward flushing from 72 hours to 168 hours, saving about 30 tonnes of water per backward flush. Water Use Management of Ice Cream Product Business Unit Mengniu Ice Cream Product Business Unit has sorted out and analyzed monthly water consumption and organized relevant functional departments to refine and comb the workshop cleaning process, aiming to discover energy waste points and solve problems such as water loss and low water production rate in plants. In 2022, five types of excessive cleaning problems were identified during the sorting and analysis process and all of these problems were solved and optimized. Reuse of reclaimed water The reclaimed water from the factories has been recycled for greenery watering, toilet flushing, and other purposes, saving about 6, 500 tonnes of water. AWS10 Water Management Certification Program Pilot In 2022, Mengniu benchmarked international sustainable water management standards, selected two typical factories to implement the AWS certification project, and systematically improved the level of water resource management while exploring water-saving potential. opportunities of water saving water consumption warningwater reusewater treatmentfresh water soft water pure water area of water use water treatment technique ow of waste water1. 9 laboratory12. 7 batching system 0. 18 water for laboratory6. 51 water for greeningcleaning water reclaimed water waste water compliance dischargesecondary concentrated waterforward ushing waterbackward ushing watermultimedia ltrationpure water primary concentrated water 10. 5 sanitizing system6. 25 cooling system4. 58 heating system6. 95 refrigerating system3 45. 5 CIP system1 reverse osmosis ltration re ned ltrationsafeguard ltrationsoftening ltration73. 78 11. 62 14. 6 soft waterwaste water waste water treatmentpurchased steamboiler steamdeaerating process fresh watercondensed water 4. 93 water for domestic use 10. The organization uses and promotes frameworks for sustainable water use and certifies and rewards good water management performance. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Online Monitoring System for Sewage In 2022, the Company continued optimizing the online environment monitoring platform, supervised whether the pollutant discharge from the Group's wastewater treatment stations met the standards through a unified control platform, and guaranteed that the terminal effluent met national and local standards for the concentration and total volume of pollutant discharge, thereby ensuring legal and compliant discharge. The Room Temperature Business Unit has renovated the sewage treatment capacity of the sewage plant under the condition that the production scale and capacity have been expanded. After the completion of the renovation, the treatment indicator of sewage is better than the regulatory requirements, and the treatment capacity of the sewage plant has increased by 2, 000 tonnes per day. The Chilled Product Business Unit has implemented reduction measures from the source of sewage, utilized the biogas generated from the anaerobic system of the sewage plant to heat a 90 C hot water boiler and adopted low-temperature sludge drying technology to reduce the sludge water content from 80 to less than 35. This measure significantly reduced the sludge water content, which reduced the volume of the sludge by more than 80, making the compliance risk of sludge disposal was also reduced. Waste and Wastewater Management Mengniu regards waste and wastewater management as an important environmental action and follows various environment- related regulatory requirements. The Company has also formulated management policies such as the Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System and the Mengniu Self-Monitoring Management System for Pollutant Discharge, constructed and maintained pollution prevention and control facilities, and monitored and managed the pollutant discharges. Meanwhile, Mengniu treats non-hazardous waste and hazardous waste through qualified service providers to ensure compliance disposal. In 2022, the sewage treatment capacity of Mengniu reached 30. 179 million tonnes, Mengniu's hazardous waste intensity was 0. 004 tonnes of hazardous waste generated per million yuan revenue, and general waste intensity was 0. 55 tonnes of general waste generated per million yuan revenue. Zero-Waste Management System In 2022, Mengniu optimized its waste management and launched the certification of waste zero-waste management system. The Shangzhi factory of Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit and the two Qingyuan factories, which have integrated four business units of room temperature, chilled, ice cream and fresh milk, improved the planning of the waste management module based on ISO 14001 Environmental Management System and obtained the first batch of Zero-Waste Factory Certification issued by T V Rheinland, an independent third-party testing, inspection and certification organization based in Germany. The management system traced the flow of all waste, checked and audited the waste compliance management, sorted out the proof materials of waste discharges, and established related database. Meanwhile, these factories have identified and tracked their waste reduction, recycling, energy use and other conversion processes, and managed recyclable waste to further avoid landfill or incineration without energy recovery. Zero-Waste Office In 2022, Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit launched the zero-waste office project to raise employees' cognition of climate change and strengthen their awareness of environmental protection in the office scenario. The zero- waste office project follows the principles of source reduction, reuse and recycling, and engages all employees in terms of sustainable office environment, low-carbon public operations, and green work and lifestyle. We identified 5 major scenarios, implemented 38 projects, and adopted specific measures, such as cancelling disposable bottled water offered in meetings and reducing the number of takeout meals, to advocate low-carbon offices and lifestyle in an all-rounded manner. Zero Waste Day - stationery made from discarded packaging during the employee family day 78 79 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Environment- Carbon Net-Zero Under the concept of lifecycle design and production, Mengniu reduces the use of resources, manage the influence of packaging on the environment throughout the whole lifecycle, and put the concept of sustainable developmen into practice, by optimizing packaging materials, adding recycling labels, recycling packaging, and taking other management measures. Compared with other food packaging, dairy packaging requires more effective light insulation, heat insulation, impact resistance, microbial invasion resistance, aseptic filling and other necessary functions. In addition, customers' demand for function upgrading such as easy to drink during travels, easy to open and pour, repeat sealing, also needs to be met. Green Packaging Practices of Room Temperature Business Unit During the design of the packaging of Just Yoghurt's Yummy Version prefabricated cups, full consideration has been given to its environmental protection feature. As a result, one-piece injection molding is adopted for scoop and retaining ring to eliminate the use of wrapping film, which is expected to reduce the use of 750kg of plastic. Green Packaging Practices of Chilled Product Business Unit Minimizing the use of PS sheets for the circular cups, and saving 314 tonnes of PS sheets by improving equipment. Future Star 180ml Student Milk Beverage The label material has been changed from PVC to PETG. By replacing PVC with PETG, we can reduce the emission of toxic gas caused by landfill and incineration, and PETG is more environmentally friendly. The PETG label is easier to be peeled off from the HDPE bottle, which is good for recycling. The HDPE bottle is made of single material without any additives, which can be 100 recycled. Mengniu Shiny Meadow Fresh Milk 250ml The back label material has been changed from aluminized BOPP to double-transparent BOPP, and the double- layer printing has been changed to single-layer printing to reduce the ink printing area. The material of self-adhesive label has been changed from composite material to single material, which has reduced the area of ink printing and lowered the complexity of recycling, thereby reducing the environmental pollution caused by ink. Mengniu Yoyi C 340ml 330ml The bottle cap is made of PE and has been changed from a variety of specifications of 3. 5g to 4. 5g to a uniform specification of 3. 2g. The bottle is made of PE and has been changed from a variety of specifications of 27g to 29g to a uniform specification of 23. 4g. The label material changed from 45UM PVC to 45UM PET; No less than 16 of recycled plastic has been added to the outer packaging film, reducing its thickness by more than 10, thereby decreasing the use of virgin materials. Mengniu Yoyi C 100g The PS material, which is not conducive to recycling, has been changed to PP material, which is easy to recycle. The bottle label of PETG material has been removed, and the product information is directly engraved on the bottle to reduce the use of plastic. Honors Mengniu's multiple products won the Outstanding Contribution Award for Best Practice Case of the Golden Design Rules at the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF). The Mengniu low-carbon Yoyi C case was awarded the China Green Point Case 2022 by the China Business Network, becoming a pioneering demonstration of low carbon and environmental- friendly packaging. Mengniu's product packagings' design included in CGF Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets Recycle mL mL 80 81 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Recycling Packaging recycling is an important issue for Mengniu and even all the consumer goods companies in practicing environmental protection. Mengniu is committed to using more recycled materials and promoting the recycling of packaging to realize the conversion of packaging waste into recycled resources, thus reducing the environmental pollution caused by packaging. As a representative of the dairy industry, Mengniu participated in the formulation of the General Rules for Assessing Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to- Recycle Designs of Plastic Products, which fills the gap of the standards for the easy-to-collect and easy-to-recycle design of plastic products in China. In the past two years, Mengniu continued making efforts to optimize the packaging design to make plastic packaging easier to collect and recycle. In 2022, the Company launched the Double Easy Standard certification for packaging, covering 2 product lines and 10 factories. At present, the packaging of Mengniu Fruit Milk Drink and Yoyi C has been awarded the Double certification by T V Rheinland. Room Temperature Business Unit has achieved that recyclable packaging accounts for over 95 of total packaging weight. A total of 172, 500 times of PP circulation boxes were used throughout the year, with a cumulative carbon reduction of 93. 5 tonnes, equivalent to saving 620 trees from cutting down. Through such a warm, green-themed public outreach action, Shiny Meadow hopes to enable the public to deeply recognize the possibilities of recycled waste PET, call on more people to protect the global environment in daily life, and also fully interpret the responsibility of an industry leader in protecting the ecological environment. The annual cumulative use of PP circulation box achived 550, 000 times, with a cumulative carbon reduction of 423. 6 tonnes. Fresh Milk Business Unit Adding recycling labels to the packaging of the various products of Modern Meadow to facilitate package recycling, and holding consumer education program on packaging recycling of Shiny Meadow products. PCR an environment-friendly packaging material that is made from recycled plastics Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Mengniu is committed to practicing the concept of sustainable development together with partners in the industry chain to create more social and environmental value while realizing commercial value. Under the Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable pillar of the GREEN strategy, the Company has formulated three topics of sustainable procurement, sustainable agriculture and biodiversity conservation, aiming to build a responsible supply chain, explore green ecological agriculture, protect the natural environment, and cooperate with upstream and downstream partners to jointly realize the sustainable development of the industry ecosystem. Sustainable ProcurementSustainable AgricultureHighlights in 2022 Sustainable Procurement The total number of suppliers was 1, 346, including 1, 333 suppliers in the Chinese mainland and 13 overseas suppliers. The internal audit coverage rate for suppliers of raw material and auxiliary material has reached 100. Joined the responsible business platform Sedex, and all the strategic suppliers of raw material and auxiliary material completed self-assessment the self-assessment questionnaire. Among them, 21 strategic suppliers of raw material and auxiliary material completed the third-party audit of SMETA. The coverage rate of supplier training reached 100. All raw material and auxiliary materials purchased have obtained ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, BRCGS and other international standard system certifications. of virgin paper for inner packaging has obtained the Forest Stewardship Council(FSC) certification, 100 of the carton boxes for external packaging are made from recycled paper. All palm oil products purchased by Bellamy's, a subsidiary of Mengniu, have been certified by RSPO Identity Preserved Supply Chain Model. Sustainable Agriculture Participated in the compilation and publication of the pasture-related group standards Heat Stress Prevention and Control Standard for Dairy Cattle (T DACS 007-2022) and Regulations for quality and production of whole corn silage (T DACS 006-2022). The Shanghe Farm from China Modern Dairy of Mengniu was awarded the Farm Animal Welfare Products certification for its management practices in the field of animal welfare. pastures from China Shengmu of Mengniu were awarded the title of S-Level Dairy Farm in Modern Dairy Industry Evaluation and Grading, and 5 were awarded China Good Agricultural Practice (GAP) certification. A total of 18 cooperative farms were awarded the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs. Mengniu's subsidiary China Modern Dairy promoted manure treatment system and recycling model to build a green recycling industry chain of feed planting-dairy farming-manure treatment-manure return to the farmland (biogas power generation)- feed planting. Mengniu's biodiversity reservation case was selected in the Corporate Biodiversity Conservation Cases released by the 15th Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP15). SDGs We Focused in this Section Biodiversity Conservation 84 85 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Admission Management Admission regulations All new suppliers are required to go through the supplier admission procedures before cooperating with Mengniu. Supplier admission is valid for 3 years, during which, suppliers are also required to execute re-admission work. On-site assessments In accordance with the primary screening criteria and more than 120 detailed assessment criteria covering quality assurance, production management, personnel management, warehousing, and logistics, the on-site assessments will be conducted at the premises of suppliers to verify whether they meet the admission requirements. Supplier Management Process Daily Management File management In order to ensure the validity of supplier information, we update supplier qualifications, the directory and other file materials in our supplier information management system on a regular basis. Verification and inspection upon arrival We inspect the arrived materials according to material standards and quality control plans to verify their compliance. Prevention and Improvement Material improvement We grade the risk level of suppliers based on risk factor assessment and risk assessment models, and develop material and supplier control principles to control the pre-existing risks of upstream suppliers. Daily evaluation We implement daily evaluation according to supplier evaluation principles to improve the supplier management level. Project improvement We set up project and implement specified improvement measures in accordance with the prerequisites and management principles of the project. Quality audit In the process of cooperation, we establish annual supplier audit plan and carry out quality inspection based on the quality risk level of suppliers. Mengniu continues promoting the construction of a responsible supply chain, expanding its sustainability requirements to the upstream and downstream of supply chain, and keeps improving its level of management to suppliers. In 2022, Mengniu joined the responsible business platform Sedex12, aiming to build a responsible supply chain by benchmarking international concepts and practices, and further to promote the sustainable development of the supply chain. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of Mengniu's suppliers was 1, 34613, including a total of 1, 333 suppliers in the Chinese mainland and 13 overseas suppliers. Sedex (Supplier Ethical Data Exchange platform) It is a responsible business platform with global authority and is dedicated to enhancing the responsible and sustainable development of global supply chains and promoting the coordinated and balanced development of the commercial, social and environmental performance of supply chains. The number of suppliers refers to the number of raw material and auxiliary material, and raw milk suppliers having actual transactions with Mengniu in current year. Assessment Items Main Assessment Content Unacceptable items Laws, regulations and requirements for food safety management Quality planning Policies and objectives, leadership and commitment, system establishment, food safety management Quality assurance Compliance management, document management, internal audit, change management Quality prevention Food protection, food quality fraud, emergency response Procurement and supply Supplier management, raw material and auxiliary material management, chemical management, outsourcing management Infrastructures Factory location planning, workshop infrastructures, sanitary fixtures, air, water and energy, waste disposal, safety and environmental protection Production management Design and development, process management, cleaning and sterilization, product planning, traceability management, cross contamination, pest control Equipment management Equipment configuration, equipment maintenance, measurement management Warehousing logistics Storage management, release management, transportation management Inspection management Laboratory facilities, inspection equipment, inspection drugs, inspection methods, inspection accuracy, sample retention management Non-conforming product managementDisposal of non-conforming products, complaint and customer communication, recall management Personnel management Personnel qualification, personnel training, social responsibility Quality informationization Digitization on quality informationSupply Chain Responsibility Management Mengniu adheres to the procurement principles of open, fair, and equitable, continually improves its supplier management system and assesses the ESG risks of suppliers to reduce the environmental and social risks in the supply chain. Whole-Process Management of Suppliers We have formulated a number of supplier management rules and regulations, clarified the responsibilities of each department, and implemented hierarchical and differentiated management of in 4 modules including from supplier admission, daily management, improvement, performance and optimization aiming to build a complete quality management system covering the whole life cycle of procurement and supply. In 2022, by integrating 9 existing procurement management systems and taking in account nearly 100 opinions from business departments, the Company completed the revise of the Mengniu Dairy Quality Management System for Purchasing Materials, which covers 4 modules, 17 management steps and 17 specific operation procedures. In addition, according to the Mengniu Dairy Quality Management System for Purchasing Materials, we have put forward an explicit requirement that all suppliers of raw material and auxiliary materials shall have at least one quality management system certification, including but not limited to ISO 9001, ISO 22000, FSSC 22000, and BRCGS. In 2022, 100 of the raw material and auxiliary material suppliers obtained quality management system certification. Sustainable Procurement Quality management system certification-ISO 9001, ISO 22000, FSSC 22000, BRCGS 100 of the raw material and auxiliary material suppliers obtained quality management system certification. suppliers in total overseas suppliers suppliers in the Chinese mainland 86 87 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable In addition, Mengniu has formulated the Product Traceability Management System, established a traceability management mechanism covering the whole process from the reception of raw material, and auxiliary materials, and raw milk to sales outlets, and built a SAP traceability system covering all suppliers, so as to ensure that raw materials of our products can be traced back to the place of origin. In 2022, in accordance with the various sustainable development requirements of the responsible business platform Sedex and in combination with the Mengniu GREEN sustainable development strategy, the Company revised the Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC) and required all upstream and downstream partners to sign with their suppliers and gradually reach agreements on environmental protection, health and safety, labor rights, human rights, business ethics and other aspects specified under the Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC). Performance and Optimization Quality performance evaluation We conduct performance evaluation for materials provided by cooperative suppliers according to the Standards for Evaluating the Quality Performance of Suppliers and the evaluation dimensions include material index, quality evaluation, quality disposal, and other aspects. Quality performance results We regard the results of quality performance evaluation as the main basis for performance grading, daily evaluation, quality improvement and enhancement of suppliers, and formulate corresponding reward and punishment mechanism and management measures to implement differentiated supplier management. The performance evaluation is conducted once a year. Supplier optimization According to the Supplier Management Rules, we continually optimizing our supplier management capability by adopting 6 progressively strict performance control mechanisms, including quality assessment, supplier interview procurement ratio adjustment, suspension and rectification of procurement cooperation termination and withdrawal of procurement cooperation and supplier blacklisting. Supplier Risk Assessment The Company has established the Mengniu Responsibility Supply Chain ESG Risk List and incorporated the ESG management content of supply chain into bidding documents, assessment and evaluation, and other control links. ESG Risk Identification In the process of supplier ESG risk identification, risk management interface personnel of each business department to conduct risk impact factor analysis about business objectives, risk management processes, and risk mitigation execution processes, so as to conduct specific risk identification. ESG Risk Assessment In the risk assessment process, we sort out key risk points from the identified risk items according to the Procurement Risk Sorting and Identification Form, and assess the risk level of each risk point by reference to the Procurement Risk Assessment Criteria and Assessment Form. ESG Risk Response In the risk response process, we conduct risk response analysis to clarify the coping strategies for major risks, and the department or personnel assuming the main responsibility for such major risks shall develop response plans. In addition, we actively carry out supplier audits, aiming to further lower the ESG risks of the supply chain. In addition, we have incorporated the content of guidelines and conventions issued by international authorities to which we adhere into the supplier audit process, and set supplier assessment standards that are stricter than regulatory requirements. By the end of 2022, the internal audit rate of our raw material and auxiliary material suppliers reached 100. In 2022, we utilized the responsible business platform Sedex to assess the sustainable development and social responsibility management systems of our core suppliers of raw material and auxiliary materials. We have required all our strategic suppliers of raw material and auxiliary materials to fill in and update the Sedex SAQ14 questionnaire on the Sedex platform, aiming to grade the sustainable development capacity and risk level of suppliers by pre-screening supplier risks and assessing the maturity of their environmental and social management systems. In the future, we will continue promoting suppliers to implement third-party responsible supply chain audits SMETA15 (Sedex Members Ethicial Trade Audit), thereby further reducing the ESG risks in our supply chain. Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC) The Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC) of Mengniu covers the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights Implementing the United Nations Protect, Respect and Remedy Framework, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the Core Conventions of the International Labor Organization and other international standards and criteria, and aims to effectively manage suppliers from the environmental, social and governance aspects. Sedex SAQ (Self-Assessment Questionnaire) It's a supplier self-assessment questionnaire issued by the Sedex platform, which integrates the risk levels of suppliers' sustainable development and the maturity of their management systems and classifies suppliers by star-rating criteria. SMETA (Sedex Members Ethicial Trade Audit) social responsibility supply chain audit It is a supplier audit standard adopted by the Sedex platform, which contains detailed requirements for suppliers on protection of labor rights, occupational health and safety, environment and business ethics. high risk items9 Supplier ESG risk identi cation audit rate 100 the internal audit rate of raw and auxiliary material suppliers 88 89 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Anti-Corruption in the Supply Chain Mengniu has been actively advocate the culture of integrity in the supply chain and build an institutionalized supplier integrity management system. On the basis of following the Regulations for Business Partner Compliance Management and the Measures for Implementing Sunshine Agreement, the Company ensures incorrupt procurement by signing Sunshine Agreement with suppliers. As of 2022, 100 of Mengniu's suppliers had signed the Sunshine Agreement. Among them, suppliers blacklisted for violating the Sunshine Agreement will be permanently banned, while other blacklisted suppliers will be banned for five years. In addition, we have set up channels for reporting and complaining about supplier-related integrity issues, and announced the reporting methods through email, meetings, service platforms and other channels. In addition, we also develop special improvement plans for suppliers with poor ESG performance to promote the mutual growth of our supplier partners and Mengniu. By the end of 2022, the coverage rate of Mengniu's supplier training reached 100. Mengniu practices the concept of green procurement of raw materials, traces the origin of raw materials, gives priority to raw material suppliers with sustainability- related certification, as well as promotes suppliers to conduct certification for the raw materials they provide, to continuously reducing potential deforestation risk. The Rainforest Alliance of World Economic Forum (WEF) It is an international rainforest conservation organization that advances the sustainable management of rainforests and the development of communities around forests by promoting cooperation between businesses and governments. Members of the Working Group are committed to sourcing and using the sustainable sources of timber, palm oil, and other forest commodities. RSPO (Roundtable of Sustainable Palm Oil) It is an international organization consisting of palm oil producers, traders, consumers and environmental protection organizations, with the aim of maintaining the sustainability of palm tree (oil palm) cultivation, processing and trade links, and progressively achieving the sustainable development of palm oil products. For raw milk suppliers, Mengniu has implemented strict management processes by formulating management documents covering raw milk quality management, standardized pasture operations, green farm operations, and other aspects. Relying on the Ranch Quality and Safety Management System, Mengniu has implemented standardized management of the entire process for all cooperative farms. In addition, to strictly standardize the operation processes of pastures, we have also formulated the Mengniu Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and the Technical Service Regulations of Milk Source Business Divisions for Basic Ranch, covering various processes such as pasture design, disease prevention and control, reproduction and breeding, forage management, herd management and milk parlor management. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Palm Oil Part of Mengniu's products adopt palm oil as a raw material for production. In 2022, Mengniu's revenue from products added with palm oil accounted for approximately 3. 52 of the Company's main business income. During the year, all palm oil products purchased by Bellamy's, a subsidiary of Mengniu, have been certified by RSPO Identity Preserved Supply Chain Model. We played an influential role in the construction of animal welfare standard system and strictly controlled the use of veterinary drugs in cooperative farms to continuously improve the welfare of their cows. At the same time, Mengniu deepened industry communication and cooperation, and continuously participating in the compilation of animal welfare-related group standards. In terms of silage quality control, we promoted a rating assessment system for whole plant corn silage during the production in terms of process quality, physical sensory, nutritional composition and health index risk. We then implemented standardized management based on the assessment results. For cattle welfare, we clarified the configuration, installation, operation and management requirements for heat stress prevention and control facilities in the dairy farming process by getting involved in the standard development work, and standardized the standard system for cattle nutrition adjustment strategy, production management strategy, and heat stress assessment, aiming to reduce the impact of heat stress in the dairy farming industry and protect the production performance and feeding economic benefits of cattle. Soybean Products The upstream pastures of Mengniu use soybean meal, which is a by-product generated after extracting soybean oil from soybeans and can be used as cattle feed. Mengniu has actively communicates with its soybean meal suppliers to jointly explore methods to gradually trace the origin of soybeans in the future and prioritize the purchase of soybeans that are free from deforestation risks. Meanwhile, Mengniu has been actively explores and promotes the use of alternative feed of soybean meal to reduce its use. For example, we have increased the use of alternative feeds such as rapeseed meal, cottonseed meal and puffing soybean powder as lactating cattle feeds, and increased the proportion of feeds such as sesame meal for breeding cattle. In 2022, all soybean meal feed from China Shengmu was resourced from organic soybean planting areas without deforestation risk and land conversion risk. FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) It is an international management organization for forest sustainable development that encourages companies to implement sustainable forest management models by certifying forest management and timber products, so as to protect biodiversity and the rights of the communities where forests locate. PEFC (Program for the Endorsement of Forest Certification) It is an international non-profit, non-governmental organization that strives for sustainable forest management through independent third-party forest certification. Timber Products Mengniu gives priority to purchasing timber products that have obtained internationally recognized sustainability certifications such as FSC19, PEFC20 and CFCC21 forest certification, and actively uses recycled paper products. In 2022, 82 of virgin paper for inner packaging has obtained the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certification; 100 of the carton boxes for external packaging were made from recycled paper. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Veterinary Drug Management Training and Empowerment Five Measures for Veterinary Medicine Management All veterinary drugs purchased must be compliant veterinary drugs and subject to registration before being put in storage. Dosed cattle must be marked di erently and quarantined separately, and the withdrawal period for milk must be practiced in strict accordance with the instructions for veterinary drugs, and testing for veterinary drug residues must be carried out at the end of the withdrawal period. Pastures are required to establish a comprehensive list of veteri- nary drugs moved in and out of storage, to store veterinary drugs by category, and assign dedicat- ed roles to manage them. Farm Animal Welfare Practices Modern Dairy obtained the certification of Farm Animal Welfare Product Modern Dairy of Mengniu, set up the Cow Comfort Management System, focusing on reducing herd stress factors, solving various problems in the barn environment, reducing various energy losses of cattle caused by uncomfortable environment and achieving a healthy and productive status of cattle. In the process of cattle transportation, Modern dairy required transport vehicles to keep a steady speed below 80 km h and avoid emergency braking. In addition, it set up a supervisor accompanying each vehicle or a group of fellow vehicles to check the slipping situation of cattle every 2 hours and pick up the slipping cattle in time. In 2022, Modern Dairy's Shanghe pasture was awarded the Farm Animal Welfare Product certification according to the China Association for the Promotion of International Agricultural Cooperation's T CAI 004-2021 Farm Animal Welfare Requirements- Dairy Cows group standard, based on its various management practices in animal welfare such as cattle feeding, barn health management and cattle psychological health. China Shengmu Awarded S Grade Farm China Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, highly values animal welfare and adopts a low-density, low-stress, high-quality feeding method and is committed to providing the most comfortable living environment for cattle. In 2022, 9 dairy farms of China Shengmu were awarded S-Level Dairy Farm in Modern Dairy Industry Evaluation and Grading and 5 dairy farms were certified by China Good Agricultural Practice (GAP). The number of selected dairy farms led the domestic industry. Management of Veterinary Drug Use Mengniu insists on the veterinary drug (including antibiotics) control principle of Reduced Use and No Antibiotics, guiding the standardized use of veterinary drugs on pastures and requiring all veterinarians on farms to strictly comply with the Animal Epidemic Prevention Law and sign the Mengniu Commitment for the Use of the Veterinary Anti- Microbial Drugs. Three Principles of Veterinary Drug Management cooperative pastures won the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs Strictly prohibit the use of drugs banned in China or internationally, and post the banned list to the cooperative farm. In 2022, we conducted regular training on the use of veterinary drugs focusing on laws and regulations related to veterinary drugs, the safe use of veterinary drugs, the management of dosed cattle and the detection and identification of risky veterinary drugs to guide cattle in the scientific and standardized use of veterinary drugs. By the end of 2022, we have conducted more than 300 training sessions on veterinary drugs, covering more than 5, 000 farm owners and practitioners. In addition, we continued promoting the reduction of antimicrobial drugs on pastures. In 2022, 4 cooperative pastures won the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs and a total of 18 farms were awarded this title. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Resourceful Utilization of Manure Mengniu considers promoting the resourceful use of manure on pastures as an important part of our efforts to achieve regenerative agriculture. Meanwhile, we encouraged pastures to use manure and cooperate to support the resource utilization of manure on pastures. Mengniu's cooperative farms have all realized the resourceful utilization of manure. Regenerative Agriculture Management Mengniu adheres to the development concept of Ecology First and Green Development, highly advocates the construction of ecologically- friendly pastures, actively promotes the recycling of natural resources on pastures, explores and practices renewable agriculture. Mengniu required raw milk suppliers to strictly comply with the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution, the Water and Soil Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. Mengniu formulated the Review Rules for Milk Supplier Access to integrate environmental protection requirements into the whole life cycle management process of pastures, including pasture certification, selection, audit, performance management and feed selection and make clear of the requirements. In addition, we formulated the Farm Environmental Protection Management Regulations to promote the reduction of environmental impacts of pastures and facilitate the construction of low-carbon emission pastures. At the same time, we continued improving the management of farm feed procurement and proposing water pollution management requirements for pasture feed suppliers, requiring suppliers to develop appropriate management plans for pollutants (wastewater, waste gas, noise, solid waste and so on) emitted during production, activities or services and to take effective measures to meet national or local emission standards or relevant environmental protection standards. Furthermore, we actively promoted local feed procurement projects, giving priority to local resources and purchasing corn kernels, silage corn, pressed corn, straw and other products from the surrounding area of the pasture to reduce carbon emissions from feed transportation and promote local economic development. We encouraged suppliers to establish a base22 management system covering environmental factors, regularly monitor and investigate the quality of soil, water and air, periodically monitor the quality of base raw materials and routinely summarize and evaluate the status and results of base management. In addition, we strictly arranged the safety dosing interval of drugs and the dosage of drugs, strictly scheduled quarantine periods and do not use pesticides, veterinary drugs and other agricultural inputs banned by China. Base refers to dairy cow breeding and production areas such as farms, pastures and factories. Modern Dairy Realized Comprehensive Utilization of Manure Modern Dairy of Mengniu continuously promoting the resourceful recycling of manure, setting the goal of no waste discharge and building a green recycling industrial chain of Feed planting-Dairy farming-Manure treatment-Manure return to the farmland (Biogas power generation)-Feed planting. It collects cattle manure, adopting resource-based comprehensive utilization of anaerobic fermentation treatment mode. The output of biogas power is generated for heating, the digestate is dried and returned to the lying bed, and liquid fertilizer methane is used in the field to plant forage, striving to build energy self-sufficiency, resource recycling of modern and efficient pastures. In 2022, the RNG (Renewable Natural Gas) renewable natural gas cogeneration project carried out by Modern Dairy in cooperation with Central Southern China Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd. of China Power Engineering Consulting Group was put into production. The project adopted cow manure as raw materials, after resource was processed into methane, and through the generator set for power generation. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Biodiversity conservation is an important part of Mengniu's practice of sustainable development. We promoted the vision of biodiversity conservation of From the Nature for the Future by carrying out forest conservation actions, implementing biodiversity conservation practices and promoting biodiversity consensus. In 2022, all construction sites managed by Mengniu involved no deforestation risk. Actions on Biodiversity Conservation Mengniu values the impact of its business development on biodiversity and integrates biodiversity conservation into its production operations. In 2022, Mengniu actively participated in international biodiversity conferences, carried out a number of biodiversity public welfare advocacy activities, and leveraged its brand influence to work with consumers to raise awareness of biodiversity conservation. At the same time, China Shengmu continuously reinforced the water saving management of the whole industrial chain, increased infrastructure investment, built water storage reservoirs, brought the Yellow River water discharged into the organic planting base located in desert during the flooding period into the organic planting base, planted trees and grasses in the desert and balanced the use of groundwater. Mengniu promises to gradually increase the proportion of sustainable certification for paper bags and palm oil and to increase the proportion of traceable soybean meal to set a benchmark for global corporate biodiversity conservation. In 2022, Mengniu promoted its partner farms to plant more than 200, 000 trees. Mengniu Biodiversity Conservation Strategy Five actions To implement ecological conservation and preservation of milk source areasTo practice environment-friendly green production To promote the whole industrial chain to move towards carbon neutralityTo develop sustainable planting and breeding To reach a consensus on biodiversity among relevant partiesThree methods Striving to reduce threats to biodiversitySustainably using biodiversity resourcesBuilding consensus on biodiversityOne vision From the Nature For the Future Eight commitments Take positive actions to promote ecosystem restoration of cooperative farms. All operation sites are conserved ecologically in an e ective and equal manner. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Mengniu Selected in the COP15 Business Biodiversity Conservation Cases Bellamy's Blue Planet Public Welfare Project for Biodiversity Conservation Bellamy, a subsidary of Mengniu, joined with the China Environmental Protection Foundation to create the Blue Planet biodiversity conservation public welfare education project. The project is aimed at preschool children and elementary school students by establishing an ecological teaching base to carry out educational and entertaining interactive experiences and ecological education practice activities. In 2022, the Blue Planet public welfare project held 20 activities and recruited about 400 groups of families to participate in the offline courses. In 2022, Mengniu's Milk Deluxe and the China Environmental Protection Foundation jointly launched the Guarding Ulan Buh project, carrying out a series of public welfare actions focusing on the biodiversity of the desert region, aiming to develop the Ulan Buh Desert into a rich oasis where People and Nature Live Together in Harmony. By organizing scientific volunteers to set up infrared cameras in the field and conducting community interviews, we monitored birds and wild animals living in the key survey areas of the Ulan Buh Desert and produced several biodiversity reports of wild animals and their habitats. Shengmu's Nature Education on Desert Public Welfare Research Project Shengmu organic brand, a brand of Mengniu, together with the China Siyuan Foundation for Poverty Alleviation, launched the 3060 Carbon Neutral Forest Adoption Program - Nature Education on Desert Public Welfare Project, cooperating in the Nature Education on Desert. The project allowed children from all over the country to hike, travel, explore and plant trees in the Shengmu Ulan Buh Desert Base to experience desert management by themselves, learn practical desert knowledge and build awareness of desert protection. By the end of 2022, we have completed the first Survey Record of Guarding Ulan Buh in August 2022, which revealed that the Vormela Peregusna, listed on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, the Vulpes Corsac, a class II national key protected wild animal, and the Platalea Leucorodia, a national key protected animal, have all appeared in the oasis of the Ulan Buh Desert. In addition, we launched a limited edition package of Milk Deluxe Desert Animals & Desert - Organic World Earth Day on the World Earth Day, guiding consumers to pay attention to the issue of biodiversity conservation. During the meeting, the China Corner Meeting, themed Accelerating Business Action for Biodiversity Conservation in China, released the Business Biodiversity Conservation Cases, and Mengniu's Ulan Buh Desert Organic Farm project was selected as an industry best practice in the case collection, providing reference cases to guide Chinese corporates in biodiversity conservation. A r l a mL Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu is committed to providing consumers around the world with nutritious and delicious dairy products of excellent quality, and to bringing nutritious and healthy living to every family. Guided by the GREEN strategy, the three issues including nutrition and health, excellent quality and good services are set to cater for the various health needs, to continuously guarantee the improvement of product quality and lead a better life. SDGs We Focused in this Section Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good ServicesHighlights in 2022 Nutrition and Health Developed the Mengniu Product Sugar Control Guidelines and Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products to comprehensively promote nutrition and health research, aiming to provide better quality nutrition and health products. laboratories of Mengniu were granted CNAS accreditation certificates, with the testing capacity of up to 1, 926 items. Nine categories of products were certified by the EU food standards. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu actively responded to the Healthy China 2030 Blueprint and formulated policy documents such as the Mengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021-2025), the Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products and the Mengniu Product Sugar Control Guidelines to promote nutrition and health comprehensively. Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products After a lot of research and investigation, we formulated the Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products (the Standards ), aiming to provide scientific and reasonable technical support for innovative product development and product improvement and upgrading. The Standards includes product categories, added nutrients and nutrient thresholds for different groups of people. The involved product categories are pure fresh milk, modulated milk, fermented milk, modulated milk powder, processed cheese and milk containing beverages. The Standards are the basic requirements that must be met by the Company's nutrition and health products and are applied to specific product quality standards as the basis for daily product release. Healthy Products Mengniu implemented the 14th Five-Year Plan for Food Safety Standards, Monitoring and Evaluation issued by the National Health Commission of the People's Republic of China in 2022 and promoted the minus goal of reducing oil, salt and sugar and the plus effect of nutritious and healthy food. In 2022, Mengniu launched a total of 194 new products. In 2022, the company referred and used external authoritative standards, sorted out the company's product nutrition standards and updated the nutrition product information. Revenue Share of Nutrition and Health Products in 2022 Notes Low-sodium and low-fat products are products classified according to GB28050-2011 National Standard on Food Safety National Label Standards for Pre-packaged Food. Organic products are products certified as organic products in China. Enriched nutrient products are products classified according to GB14880-2012 National Food Safety Standard for the Use of Nutritional Fortification Substances in Foods. Nutrition and Health Low-fat products More than15 More thanProducts with no artificially added sugar or reduced sugar addition 55 More thanOrganic products 6 AroundProducts in smaller size 5 More thanProducts with low or no artificially added ingredients 90 More thanLow-sodium products 75 AroundEnriched nutrient products 10 102 104 105 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Little Shiny Meadow Fresh Milk 4. 0g of premium fresh milk protein per 100ml 30 less calories than 4. 0g whole milk Organic membrane filtration imported from Europe and America Liquid Milk Mengniu Selected Pasture Pure Milk China's first QR code traceable milkMilk Deluxe Low-Fat Milk 60 less fat than whole milkModern Meadow High Calcium Milk 125mg of high calcium per 100ml, with vitamin D3 added Xinyangdao Zero Lactose Milk Using EHT enzyme hydrolysis technology 0 lactose Four series of full-fat, low-fat, skimmed and low-fat high-calciumShiny Meadow Organic Fresh Milk Preferred Ulan Buh Desert organic milk source 3. 6g native protein per 100ml fresh milk Just Yogurt Danish strain fermentation Simple and pure taste Less artificial additionChampion Yogurt 0 Sucrose 100 raw milk fermented 3g protein per 100ml 1 billion CFU BB-12 probiotics per 100g yogurtNational Healthy Food - Champion Yogurt First health yogurt in China Rich in strong active BB-12 bifidobacteria Certified by the National Medical Products Administration as a functional health food Yoyi C lactobacillus beverage - 0 sucrose and high calcium Self-developed, China Patent probiotics Contains 50 billion active probiotics, 0 fat, 0 sucroseGo Chang Lactobacillus Beverage Sugar content 5, 0 fat 6 kinds of lactic acid bacteria fermentation No added flavors, colors, preservatives, etcMilk Powder Ice Cream Cheese and Other Dairy ProductsYourui Yitian The Middle-aged and The Elderly Milk Powder Low GI food certification, phytosterol esters added 950mg of calcium per 100g, fortified with raw milk Enriched with Vitamin D Mood for Green Green Shasha Cane Sugar-Free Ice Cream Pure green bean taste No cane sugar Mengniu Low-Salt Butter First self-made butter in China Boxed fresh, in line with the low-salt standard Chemical additives, preservatives and impurities freeBellamy's Platinum Organic A2 Milk Powder Selected organic A2 milk source Rich in probiotics BB12, prebiotics GOS&FOS Dual organic certification by NASAA and ACO in Australia Deluxe Ejiao Walnut Milk Ice Cream With raw milk as a main ingredient Added with Ejiao and red dates Ai Shi Chen Xi Organic Cheese Sticks World's first organic cheese stick 51 cheese content No flavor, pigment, preservative added Triply certified organic by China, Denmark and EUBellamy's Organic Kids Milk Powder With active lactoferrin, FOS prebiotics and betaglucan 1, 300mg calcium and 50mg lactoferrin per 100g milk powder Deluxe Low-fat Coffee-flavored Ice cream Protein content 7 and fat content 3 Added Colombian freeze-dried instant coffee powder Mengniu Room Temperature Cheese Sticks High calcium formula, 25 less sugar and sodium Others Small Portion Products Probiotic Powder Products 100 billion highly active probiotic per sachet over 85 survival rate of stomach acid resistance effectively improving intestinal environmentMengniu keeps on innovating products, strengthens the research and development of products in smaller packages and has developed a variety of products with a capacity of less than 220g, such as Future Star student milk, Shengmu organic children's milk, Lurpak 10g butter granules and Ice 4-pack small popsicles, to make it easier for consumers to store and carry and to avoid waste caused due to inability to finish eating in one time 106 107 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Nutrition Education Nutrition education is the most fundamental, economical and effective strategy and measure to solve public nutrition and health problems. Light Fresh Milk Festival and Light Fresh Milk Shelf China Student Nutrition and Health Development Conference NiuBay Nutrition Academy In 2022, Mengniu created the NiuBay Nutrition Academy project, which focused on nutrition, health, probiotic knowledge, quality life and other topics. It was the first time in the industry to provide users with strong visual and interactive category education in the form of an online academy through live video. The project has carried out 7 online thematic live broadcasts, outputting more than 50 short science videos across the platform, with a total of 200, 000 views all over the Internet. Diet Education In order to promote diet education, Mengniu cooperated with COFCO Nutrition and Health Research Institute and Capital Healthcare and Nutrition Cuisine Society to carry out diet education activities in schools. With the slogan Health Station for Nutritious New Generation, the campaign promoted traditional culture, popularized nutrition and health knowledge and strengthened scientific diet education to primary and secondary school students in the form of online and offline expert lectures. At the same time, Mengniu collaborated with the COFCO Nutrition and Health Research Institute and the Capital Health and Gourmet Society to conduct training for nutritionists and nutrition instructors, and actively cultivate talents for diet education. In 2022, a total of 130 lectures were held online and offline for school diet education, covering 20 provinces and 48 cities nationwide. Producing the Documentary A Journey of Probiotics Discovery Mengniu, together with Professor Zhang Heping, the pioneer of China's probiotic industry and the chief expert of Mengniu's probiotic research team, and his team, traveled over 30, 000 kilometers and visited more than 20 counties and cities in 6 provinces to co-produce the documentary A Journey of Probiotics Discovery, which focused on the theme of searching for probiotics suitable for Chinese people, showing the extraction and R&D process of local probiotics in China and raising the attention of all people to probiotics and intestinal health. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Nutrition Research Mengniu regards scientific research and innovation as the core driver of enterprise development and continuously increases its investment in research & development to improve its research & development competence. Mengniu has cooperated with 16 top universities and research institutions at home and abroad, including China Agricultural University, Tsinghua University, Peking University and Chinese Academy of Sciences. The company has established a world-leading High-Tech Research Institute and Highly Intelligent Production Base and an overseas R&D center. It has more than 30 research & development partners worldwide. Mengniu Nutrition Research Project Intellectual Property Protection Mengniu followed the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, the Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations, continuously improved the intellectual property management system, successively issued the Management Measures for the Protection of Intellectual Property Rights, and formulated the Trademark Management System, the Trade Secrets Management System, the Patent Management System, the Copyrights Management System and other system documents to strengthen the protection of the Company's trademarks, patents, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. The Company developed the intellectual property protection strategy and respect the intellectual property rights of others while actively working on intellectual property protection. The Company embedded intellectual property protection into the product innovation process, carried out intellectual property search and infringement risk analysis at each key stage and timely protected the innovation achievements. Mengniu closely followed the industry policies related to intellectual property rights and conducted training on basic patent knowledge to reinforce employees' awareness of intellectual property protection. Meanwhile, Mengniu actively participated in global intellectual property industry conferences. In October 2022, Mengniu participated in IPBC Asia 2022 Asia IP Business Forum as an invited speaker to showcase the excellent international image of China's innovative dairy brands on the international IP professional field platform. By the end of 2022, there are 1, 335 valid patents, and 319 patents are newly applied, 203 patents are newly granted this year. In September 2022, the China National Food Industry Association (CNFIA) released the 2022 CNFIA Science and Technology Awards, in which Mengniu's fermented milk functional upgrading, quality structure optimization key technology research and industrialization application projects won the first prize, low-temperature fresh milk category combination innovation and key technology integration project and the research and development of Yoyi C 0 sucrose active probiotic beverage won the second prize. Honors valid patents, newly applied patents Newly granted patents Research on Breast Milk and Infant Nutrition Dedicated to scientific research on maternal and infant health and breast milk in China, we created a Chinese breast milk protein database based on Mengniu's 8-city China Breast Milk Study to analyze breast milk protein and amino acid data from different regions and lactation stages in China. Mengniu's Ruibuen brand adopted the new UPU core technology of full-valent breast milk structural fat, which for the first time achieved a fat similarity of more than 90 with Chinese breast milk, breaking the record in the field of breast milk innovation research and was selected as a national key research project in the 13th Five-Year Plan. In cooperation with Jiangnan University, the Company conducted in-depth research on the large-scale preparation of new core ingredients for infant dairy products and developed the world's first key technologies for the enzymatic synthesis of structural fat MLCT and new OPO. The research result was a key output of the National Key R&D Program of the 13th Five-Year Plan Research on the Creation and Common Key Technology of Special Needs Dairy Products Based on China's Breast Milk Components. In addition, it also supported the implementation of the related sub- projects of the National Key R&D Program of the 14th Five-Year Plan Research on the Development of Special Needs Dairy Products Based on China's Breast Milk Components and drove the overall technical level of Chinese breast milk research to an international leading position. In cooperation with the School of Public Health of Tsinghua University, we conducted a research project on the impact of the organic diet on infant health in early life to study the impact of eating organic foods in early life. We also conducted research on the nutritional needs of infants and young children at the supplementary food stage to improve the nutritional value of infant products. The Middle-Aged and the Elderly Nutrition Research Focusing on the nutritional health of the middle-aged and the elderly, cooperated with China Agricultural University to research and evaluate the role of selenium-enriched goat milk and subsequent functional milk powder in the immune effect and body vitality of the organism. Probiotics Research The research was based on Lactobacillus paracasei PC-01 and Bifidobacterium lactis Probio-M8, which are independent intellectual property rights of Mengniu, to investigate the effect of Lactobacillus paracasei PC-01 on indigestion and the mechanism of Bifidobacterium lactis Probio-M8 on nutritional absorption, and to provide scientific basis for improving the functional value of dairy products and product communication, and to promote the functional and nutritional improvement of dairy products. Product Research We cooperated with Institute of Animal Sciences of Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences to strengthen the implementation of high-quality mick quality technology system control the quality of raw milk at source, optimize the dairy processing process, restore the natural active nutrients of milk, improve the quality of fresh milk products and meet the market demand for safe and healthy, green and low-carbon, nutritious and fresh products. In the Indonesian market, based on market insight and consumer preference surveys, we developed products that matched the actual local demand and the taste that preferred by local consumers. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu adheres to the concept of Q uality Is The Greatest Decency and implements the quality management of the whole industrial chain. Quality and Food Safety Standards Mengniu actively participates in the preparation and revision of national and industry standards, actively provides technical support, and leads the industry to further implement the strategy of quality strengthening, standardization and healthy China strategy. In 2022, eight key standards were published, including three national standards such as Statistical Methods for Production Process Quality Control Control Charts Part 7 Multiple Control Charts, one industry standard Milk Fat Spheres Milk (Whey) Protein Powder (QB T 5805-2022) and four group standards such as Fermented Milk for Student Drinking Milk and Pasteurized Milk for Student Drinking Milk of China Dairy Association. Mengniu actively followed up on the revision of important regulations such as the Dairy Product Production License Review Rules, provided feedback to enterprises and the industry, and participated in the preparation of the Dairy Nutrition Standard System Planning Report for the construction project of the standard system for high-quality development in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. Meanwhile, Mengniu assisted in the preparation of the national working group on standardization of food nutrition and health management (SWG25), provided technical support for the operation of the working group, assisted in the research and construction of the working group's standard system, and contributed to the promotion of the group's nutrition and health transformation and the promotion of the construction of a healthy China. Quality Management and Control Mengniu strictly abides by the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations and has set up a series of systems and management methods, including the General Rules for Quality Management of Mengniu Dairy, Quality Target Management System of Mengniu Dairy, Process Quality Control Product Life-Cycle Quality Assurance Mengniu continuously improves the quality management system, controls the product design, product raw materials, product quality inspection and product recall, introduces the quality management process F rom Pasture To Milk Cup, improves the food safety emergency plan system and manages and supervises the full product life cycle. Adhering to the quality management concept of all risks are eliminated before they are exposed, and all competitions begin at the time of design, by learning from benchmarks, Mengniu issued the Mengniu Dairy New Product Quality Design (QID) Management System and thereby built a comprehensive quality management system that is fully aligned with international tier 1 food enterprises and has Mengniu characteristics and tailored to local conditions. This management system comprehensively upgraded from risk management, quality management, claim management, process technology management and other dimensions, so that product quality and safety risks can be eliminated through product design, meeting consumers' demand. Product Design Stage The Company conducts regular product quality inspections. At present, the Company has 40 laboratories and 1 intelligent quality center, of which 20 laboratories gained CNAS certification and reached the testing capacity of up to 1, 926 items. Product Quality Inspection Stage To effectively protect consumers' health and safety, Mengniu has formulated the Mengniu Product Traceability Management System, Product Recall Management System and other documents. The traceability information covers 8 processes and 16 steps of the whole industrial chain, achieving 100 coverage of key quality traceability information of the value chain. In 2022, the Company upgraded the traceability system, based on SAP and other information systems, expanded the traceability information database, improved the traceability and recall mechanism of three-level control, designed and developed online one-click traceability functions and standardized system operations to achieve online traceability of raw material and auxiliary materials, thus 100 company products can be traced to the origin of raw milk and raw material and auxiliary materials. The Company clearly stipulates that each department shall immediately stop selling and initiate recalls of relevant unsafe products after being informed that the products are unsafe. Level 1 recalls shall be initiated within 24 hours, with a written report formed daily and completed within 10 working days; level 2 recalls shall be initiated within 48 hours, with a written report formed at least every 5 working days and completed within 20 working days; level 3 recalls shall be initiated within 72 hours, with a written report formed at least every 10 working days and completed within 30 working days. In case of unexpected situations that may lead to the escalation of the recall during the level 2 and 3 recalls, the responsible department head must immediately report to the Business Unit's food safety management team to carry out the relevant work efficiently. In 2022, no product recalls happened in Mengniu. By reviewing international, domestic regulations and risk studies, quality indicators, and setting early warning lines for indicators, as well as implementing a product inspection matrix, we identify and evaluate food safety risks along the entire chain of raw and auxiliary materials from suppliers to factories, raise the access threshold for raw material and auxiliary material suppliers, refine the audit process and reinforce daily monitoring. The Company's major suppliers obtained ISO 9001, ISO 22000 and other food safety-related certifications. In 2022, Mengniu improved the quality document management mechanism, revised and updated 32 group management systems and 262 business unit and factory management systems and refined the requirements for new product quality design control, quality changes, and quality management of procured materials to improve quality management and control. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Quality and Food Safety Certification Mengniu continues to promote third-party management system and product certification related to quality and food safety standards, and to protect product quality and safety by establishing an information exchange platform with certification bodies and sharing findings from domestic and international quality management audits In 2022, the Company carried out seven major system certifications including ISO 9001, GMP, HACCP, FSSC 22000, BRCGS, IFS and SQF, covering 63 factories, with a 100 certification pass rate. Quality and Food Safety Culture Mengniu firmly believes that food safety is the guarantee to construct consumers' trust in the brand and highly values the construction of a quality culture and organizes various quality and food safety culture promotion activities to improve the quality culture atmosphere and raise food safety awareness. In 2022, Mengniu comprehensively benchmarked international and domestic quality culture-related standards and studies, referred to the quality culture practices of advanced enterprises, then considered the actual business situation and upgraded Mengniu takes the quality vision and quality policy as the core and the 1332 quality culture strategy as the extension. major goal With the deployment of the quality culture strategy, Mengniu has achieved breakthroughs in improving product quality and food safety culture. At the same time, we collaborated with third-party organizations to develop a special quality culture maturity assessment program and five factories completed on-site quality culture evaluations during the year, making us the first company in China to systematically conduct quality culture system evaluations and thus establishing a solid foundation for Mengniu's future quality culture work. In 2022, Mengniu held the first World Quality Innovation quality innovation evaluation activity to select Mengniu quality management method innovation projects, quality technology innovation projects and achievement innovation projects, aiming to fully implement the core values of the enterprise, create a strong quality culture atmosphere and enhance quality management and technology innovation. During the 3 15 World Consumer Rights Day in 2022, Mengniu held a short video contest called Visible World Quality to convey Mengniu's world quality management and excellent quality culture to consumers through event selection. The 12 best pieces were released on the Company's official platforms, with more than 1. 52 million views and 220, 000 likes. major measures Ensure that the core concept and construction orientation of quality culture are in line with business practice. major guarantees Systematic corporate culture and 4Q quality management system with continuous iteration and efficient operation are the foundations of quality culture. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Quality Empowerment Training To guarantee product quality and continuously improve the professional skills of employees, Mengniu regularly conducts training related to quality and safety. Within the year, Mengniu held 125 sessions of General Course Public Course Empowerment Program and 13 sessions of key programs, covering 100 of quality personnel, with a total training investment of RMB 1 million. Mengniu cares about the ability improvement of suppliers. Rock Plan Scene Quality 100 Training Starlight Plan General Public CourseAs a responsible company, Mengniu adheres to the core value of consumers are at the heart of all our decisions, actively protects the legal rights and interests of consumers, opens up consumer communication channels, reinforces the protection of consumer information security, carries out responsible marketing and is committed to providing better services and bringing better service experience to consumers. In October 2022, Mengniu was awarded the 2022 National Quality Benchmark Award by the China Association for Quality for its relentless exploration and practice of digital management of intelligent quality in the whole industry chain. For breast-milk substitutes, Mengniu strictly requires the marketing methods to comply with the relevant statements of the International Code of Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes and formulated the Mengniu Breast-milk Substitutes Responsible Marketing Policy in the context of Mengniu's relevant business, which applies to Mengniu employees and partners involved in the marketing, distribution and sales of breast-milk substitutes. In terms of product packaging, we actively explore the implementation of clean product labeling to meet the increasing consumer demand for clean labeling and review product packaging through the product life cycle management system to reasonably display nutrition and health information on product packaging to ensure compliance with nutrition and health instructions. Consumer Services Mengniu continuously enhances the protection of consumers' rights and interests, while improving its service and product quality while. At the same time, Mengniu conducts dealer satisfaction research and consumer satisfaction research and accesses consumers' feelings, suggestions and specific needs on products through online questionnaires and product reviews on e-commerce platforms to continuously improve consumer satisfaction. Good Services Mengniu Breast- milk Substitutes Responsible Marketing Policy 116 117 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix In 2022, Mengniu strengthened its information security protection capability through network security attack and defense drills and emergency drills to normalize network security. At the same time, we carried out special compliance training on personal information protection, promoted training at multiple levels on multiple platforms such as Voice of Mengniu, Security in Drips, and desktop posters. We launched 23 video courses and carried out publicity 206 times to comprehensively raise awareness of information protection among all employees. Information Protection Mengniu values information and privacy protection, focuses on the core objective of making data use safer, devotes itself to safeguarding consumer privacy and carries out systematic construction of information protection and data security. The Company formulated the Personal Information Protection Compliance Management Regulations, Personal Information Protection Compliance Guidebook, APP Mini Program Personal Information Protection Compliance Operation Guidelines, IT Account Management System and other systems and management methods to strengthen the standardization of the full life cycle management of the group's data of all area, establish a prior review mechanism for personal information protection assessment, conduct personal information protection compliance risk assessment before the project is launched for projects involving consumer privacy protection, focusing on key management requirements for data compliance, embedding compliance review points into the contract review management mechanism to strengthen personal information protection. Meanwhile, the Company continuously improved the process and management document system construction of the group's information security system according to the ISO 27001 information security management system standard, covering the 14 control domains certified by ISO 27001. Mengniu strengthens consumer privacy and information security protection through authentication, authorization, auditing, data encryption and desensitization, etc. It also conducts quarterly account audits of information system, standardizes account authorization management and provides timely feedback to business departments for correction, which strongly protects information security. In the year of 2022, the Company set up 4 key sub-goals with the strategic goal of no major information security incidents at the Group level and business continuity guarantee of core systems over 99. All relevant goals were achieved. In the future, Mengniu will continue to establish an information security management system as the basis and build a management platform focusing on channel online, consumer online, supply chain online and management online. major data breaches incident 0 0 major information security incident consumer privacy and data security related complaint In order to enhance the Group's emergency handling capability for information leakage incidents, Mengniu has established an emergency management system and set up an emergency monitoring group, an emergency analysis group, an emergency handling group, an emergency liaison group and an external collaboration group under the emergency command group to strengthen the reporting and management of security incidents. During the year, we had no major data breaches, no major information security incidents, and no consumer privacy and data security-related complaints. Scope Issue Disclosure Requirements Pages Governance Structure- A statement from the board containing the following elements (i) a disclosure of the board's oversight of ESG issues; (ii) the board's ESG management approach and strategy, including the process used to evaluate, prioritise and manage material ESG-related issues (including risks to the issuer's businesses); and (iii) how the board reviews progress made against ESG-related goals and targets with an explanation of how they relate to the issuer's businesses. P8-9 Reporting Principles- A description of, or an explanation on, the application of the following Reporting Principles in the preparation of the ESG report Materiality The ESG report should disclose (i) the process to identify and the criteria for the selection of material ESG factors; (ii) if a stakeholder engagement is conducted, a description of significant stakeholders identified, and the process and results of the issuer's stakeholder engagement. Quantitative Information on the standards, methodologies, assumptions and or calculation tools used, and source of conversion factors used, for the reporting of emissions energy consumption (where applicable) should be disclosed. Consistency The issuer should disclose in the ESG report any changes to the methods or KPIs used, or any other relevant factors affecting a meaningful comparison. P3 Reporting Boundary- A narrative explaining the reporting boundaries of the ESG report and describing the process used to identify which entities or operations are included in the ESG report. P3 Environmental A1 EmissionsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. P127 A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P56-70 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P76-77Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide 118 119 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix Scope Issue Disclosure Requirements Pages Environmental A2 Use of ResourcesGeneral Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. P73, P128 A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P59-60 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P73-75 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. P71-77 A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. P56 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. P66-69 Social B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. P46-47Scope Issue Disclosure Requirements Pages Social B2 Health and SafetyGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. P42-44 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. P47 B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. P47 B4 Labor StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor. P83-84 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. P84-89, P91-96 B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. P87 B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. P89-90 120 121 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix Scope Issue Disclosure Requirements Pages Social B6 ProductGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. P111 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. P110-111 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. P116 B7 Anti- CorruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. P30 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. P31 B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests. P48-53 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. The organization and its reporting practices1-1 Organizational details P10 1-2 Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting P3 1-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point P3 2. Stakeholder engagement 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement P25-26 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements P41Statement of use China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited has reported with reference to the GRI Standards for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. GRI 1 Foundation 2021 122 123 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix GRI Standard Disclosure Pages 3-1 Process to determine material topics P27 3-2 List of material topics P27 3-3 Management of material topics Please Refer to the Table Below GRI Standard Disclosure Pages GRI 201 Economic Performance GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on economic performance P10 Topic-specific disclosures201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed P10 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change P56-70 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on indirect economic impacts P48-53 Topic- Specific disclosures203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported P48-53 GRI 204 Procurement Practices GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on procurement practices P84-90 GRI 205 Anti-Corruption GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on anti-corruption P29-31, P88 Topic-Specific disclosures205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures P30-31 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken P30-31 GRI 301 Materials GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on materials P89-90 Topic- Specific disclosures301-1 Materials used by weight or volume P127-128 301-3 Recycled input materials used P80-81 GRI 302 Energy GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on energy P58-60 Topic- Specific disclosures302-1 Energy consumption within the organization P127 302-3 Energy consumption outside of the organization P59 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption P59-60GRI Standard Disclosure Pages GRI 303 Water and Effluents GRI 3 Management approach disclosure303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource P73-76 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts P76 Topic- Specific disclosures303-5 Water withdrawal P73, P128 GRI 304 Biodiversity GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on biodiversity P96-99 Topic-Specific disclosures304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity P96-99 GRI 305 Emissions GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on emissions P56-65 Topic-Specific disclosures305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions P127 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions P127 305-4 GHG emissions intensity P69, P127 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions P127 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissionsP127 GRI 306 Waste GRI 3 Management approach disclosure306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts P76-77 306-2 Management of significant waste related impacts P76-77 Topic-Specific disclosures306-3 Waste generated P127 GRI 307 Environmental Compliance GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on environmental compliance P96-99 GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on supplier environmental assessment P84-87, P89-90, P94 Topic- Specific disclosures308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria P84-86 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken P84-90, P94-96 124 125 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix GRI Standard Disclosure Pages GRI 401 Employment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on employment P34 Topic- Specific disclosures401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover P46-47 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employeesP38-40 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 3 Management approach disclosure403-1 Occupational health and safety management system P42-45 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation P42 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety P42-45 403-6 Promotion of worker health P42-45 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationshipsP42-45 Topic- Specific disclosures403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system P42-45 Topic- Specific disclosures403-9 Work-related injuries P47 GRI 404 Training and Education GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on training and education P34-37 Topic- Specific disclosures404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee P47 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs P35-37, P40 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviewsP37 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on diversity and equal opportunity P34 Topic- Specific disclosures405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees P22, P34 GRI 406 Non-discrimination GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on non-discrimination P34GRI Standard Disclosure Pages Topic- Specific disclosures406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken P34 GRI 407 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on freedom of association and collective bargainingP41 GRI 408 Child Labor GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on child labor P34 GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labor GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on forced or compulsory labor P34 GRI 412 Human Rights Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on human rights assessment P41 Topic- Specific disclosures412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures P41 412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screeningP41, P84-86 GRI 413 Local Communities GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on local communities P48-53 Topic- Specific disclosures413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programsP48-53 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on supplier social assessment P84-87 Topic- Specific disclosures414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria P84-86 GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on customer health and safety P110-114 Topic- Specific disclosures416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categoriesP102-103, P110-111 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on marketing and labeling P115 Topic- Specific disclosures417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling P115 GRI 418 Customer Privacy GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on customer privacy P116 126 127 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix Mengniu's Sustainability Performance Data Economic Performance Indicator Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data 2022 Data Operating revenue RMB100 million 760. 35 881. 42 925. 93 Total assets RMB100 million 801. 46 981. 01 1, 178. 13 Profit Attributable to Owners of the Company RMB100 million 35. 25 50. 26 53. 03 Production capacity 10, 000 tonnes 990 1, 166 1, 291 Completion ratio of economic contracts 100 100 100 Signing ratio of Anti- Bribery Contract 100 99. 80 100 Traceability of nonconforming products 100 100 100 Pass rate of ex- factory product quality inspection 100 100 100 Ex- factory batches of products subject to quality and safety monitoring 100 100 100 Percentage of products recycled due to safety and health factors during product transportation and sales 0 0 0 TMP and silage coverage 100 100 100 Mechanized milking ratio 100 100 100 Raw milk random sampling pass rate 100 100 100 Ratio of large-scale intensive ranch milk sources 100 100 100 Social Performance Indicator Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data 2022 Data Labor contract signing rate 100 100 100 Social insurance coverage 100 100 100 Response rate to employee requests 100 100 100 Completion rate of procurement contracts 100 100 100 Response rate to consumer complaints and recommendations 100 100 100 Total expenditure on charity RMB10, 000 76, 000 4, 584. 50 10, 672. 80 Total tax paid RMB100 million 36. 91 40. 89 40. 14Indicator Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data 2022 Data Exhaust gas Total exhaust emissions Cubic metres 1, 700, 946, 666. 78 2, 210, 671, 704. 11 2, 209, 681, 754. 36 SO 2 emissions Tonne 35. 90 150. 30 150. 36 NOx emissions Tonne 141. 95 1, 489. 99 1, 460. 85 Soot emissions Tonne 25. 96 238. 57 238. 63 Wastewater Wastewater discharge 10, 000 tonnes 2, 863. 80 2, 718. 32 2, 806. 19 COD discharge Tonne 1, 063. 87 893. 81 1, 085. 75 BOD discharge Tonne 222. 48 246. 93 233. 87 Ammonia nitrogen Tonne 154. 40 204. 24 306. 84 Carbon dioxide emissions 10, 000 tonnes 127. 00 136. 00 142. 57 Scope 1 emissions 10, 000 tonnes 21. 00 26. 00 25. 37 Scope 2 emissions 10, 000 tonnes 106. 00 110. 00 117. 20 Carbon dioxide emission per tonne of production kg Tonne 169. 00 171. 00 168. 31 Total hazardous waste Tonne 242. 23 382. 81 385. 66 Total general waste Tonne 28, 912. 44 40, 200. 24 51, 212. 24 Compliance disposal rate of solid waste 100 100 100 Grid electricity consumption across regions kWh 848, 749, 516. 09 816, 797, 963. 40 818, 780, 565. 50 Coal consumption Tonne 7, 502. 82 0. 00 0. 00 Gasoline consumption Liter 15, 101. 86 11, 196. 38 12, 000. 00 Diesel consumption Liter 14, 894. 51 55, 124. 81 10, 342. 00 Purchased steam Tonne 880, 833. 12 859, 756. 92 832, 324. 04 Natural gas consumption 10, 000 standard cubic meters 6, 811. 11 7, 188. 65 7, 191. 54 Generation of solar power 10, 000 kWh 466. 05 869. 75 850. 97 Steam production from biomass energy Tonne 309, 541. 33 289, 575. 22 189, 801. 01 Direct energy consumption GWh 792, 724. 37 778, 994. 34 778, 870. 65 Indirect energy consumption GWh 1, 511, 395. 38 1, 463, 588. 32 1, 444, 933. 32 Total comprehensive energy consumption GWh 2, 304, 119. 75 2, 242, 582. 66 2, 223, 803. 97 Total water consumption Tonne 29, 093, 882. 70 28, 643, 224. 80 28, 243, 256. 34 Reduction of COD discharge Tonne 44, 710. 65 41, 227. 21 42, 288. 66 Water saved 10, 000 tonnes 201. 10 (including 468, 000 tonnes of social water savings)147. 94 (including 890, 800 tonnes of social water savings)85. 97 (including 42. 15 tonnes of social water savings) Reclaimed water rate 7. 63 9. 68 7. 50Environmental Performance 128 129 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix Packaging material usage in 2022 Indicator Category Unit 2022 Data Packaging material usagePlastic Tonne 323, 284 Timber Tonne 42 Paper Tonne 1, 016, 000 Glass Tonne 380 Metal Tonne 16, 000 Note on calculation methodology 1. For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula in the Emission Coefficients and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (for Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environmental Protection 2. Total comprehensive energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T2589- 2020) based on the consumption of energy sources including gasoline, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power. Scope 1 emissions refer to greenhouse gas emissions directly generated by burning fuels in factories, such as self- owned boilers, vehicles, and the direct energy involved includes natural gas, diesel, gasoline, biogas, etc. Scope 2 emissions refer to greenhouse gas emissions from purchased electricity and steam, which cover the carbon dioxide, methane emissions involved in the actual production process of all Mengniu Group's normal temperature, low temperature, ice products, fresh milk, milk powder and cheese self-operated factories ( Mengniu production process does not involve the other four types of greenhouse gases in the Kyoto Protocol nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulfur hexafluoride). In particular, some smaller sales distribution centers are excluded from the calculation of scopes 1 and 2 due to their low energy consumption and emissions. The measurement complies with the Guidelines for Accounting Treatment and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverage and Refined Tea Enterprises (Trial) (2015) of the PRC. The GWP (Global Warming Potential) and emission factor were selected with reference to the IPCC Sixth Assessment Report. The List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations A1 EmissionsMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction ProjectsEnvironmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Soil Contamination A2 Use of esourcesBiodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Packaging Sustainable Recycling Design Guidelines in Chilled Product Business Unit Mengniu Diary Administrative Measures for Environmental Risk Mapthe Water and Soil Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the implementation of the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Norm of Water Intake for Dairy Products A3 The Environment and Natural ResourcesMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Biodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limitedthe Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China A4 Climate ChangeMengniu Group Low-Carbon Development Plan (2023-2025) Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Management Method Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Accounting Technical GuideOpinions of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Completely, Accurately and Comprehensively Implementing the New Development Concept and Doing a Good Job in Peak Carbon Dioxide Emissions B1 EmploymentRecruitment Management System Salary Management System Welfare Administration System Performance Management System Manual Study Development Management System Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female Employeesthe Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China Work of the Trade Union Regulation (on Trial) 130 131 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B2 Health and SafetyOccupational Health Management System Mengniu Group 2022-2024 EHS Three-Year Plan 2022 Group EHS Key Work Plan Administrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projectsthe Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China the Fire Prevention Law of the People's Republic of China Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases Regulations on Occupational Health Supervision and Management in Workplace B3 Development and TrainingStudy Development Management System B4 Labor StandardsEmployee Code of Conduct Guidelines for Preventing Unethical Behavior in the Workplace Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female EmployeesUniversal Declaration of Human Rights International Conventions on Human Rights the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Constitution of the All- China Federation of Trade Unions the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China B5 Supply Chain ManagementMaterial Quality Procurement Management System of Mengniu Dairy Supplier Code of Conduct (COC) Product Traceability Management System ESG Risk List of Mengniu Responsible Supply Chain Supplier Blacklist Management System Ranch Quality and Safety Management System Mengniu Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) Ranch Operation Technical Guidance Manual Dairy Cattle Welfare Promotion Implementation System Detailed Rules for Selection Review of Milk Suppliers Code of Conduct for Business Partner Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Commitment Sunshine Agreement Quality Safety Guarantee Statement Food Safety Commitmenthe Bidding Law of the People's Republic of China General Rules of the Civil Law of the People's Republic of ChinaESG Indicator Internal System Laws and R egulations B6 Product ResponsibilityMengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021- 2025) Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products Mengniu Principles and Commitment for the Use of Veterinary Anti- Microbial Drugs the Dairy Cattle Welfare Promotion Implementation System Advertising Review and Management System Management Measures for the Protection of Intellectual Property Rights Trademark Management System Trade Secret Management System Dispute Management System Copyright Management System Overseas Intellectual Property Management System Brand Name Management System Administrative Measures for Food Recalls of Mengniu Group Review and Filing System on Slogan and Trademarks Product Claim Management System Mengniu Group Responsible Marketing Business Principles Customer Feedback Management System Personal Information Protection Compliance Management Regulations Personal Information Protection Compliance Guidebook and appendix APP Mini Program Personal Information Protection Compliance Operation Guidelines Mengniu Group Anti-Food Waste Guideline Biodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company LimitedAnimal Epidemic Prevention Law the Administrative Measures for Food Recalls International Code of Marketing of Breastmilk Substitutes Sales Administration Measures for Breastmilk Substitutes in China the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests GB 28050- 2011 National Food Safety Standard- Standards for Nutrition Labelling of Pre- packaged Foods the Outline for the Healthy China 2030 Initiative B7 Anti-CorruptionCompliance Management Provisions Integrity Compliance Manual Integrity Compliance Commitment Code of Conduct for Business Partner Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Commitment Sunshine Agreement Anti- monopoly Compliance Commitment Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and CluesCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China B8 Community InvestmentRural Vitalization Programme of Mengniu Dairy Public Donation Management System Notice on Further Regulating the Volunteer Service Activities of Mengniu Group the Assistance Scheme of the Born for Greatness Fund Governance Mengniu Group Sustainability System Management Approach Mengniu Risk Management System Mengniu Risk Management Framework Manual for Risk Management of the Group Mengniu Group's Anti-Food Waste GuidelinesCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Company Law of the People's Republic of China China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited www. cn This report is made of degradable and environmentally friendly recycled paper 