Contents Annual Key Performance Statement of the Board of DirectorsIndependent Third-Party Assurance ReportIndicator IndexFeedback83959699105 AppendixAbout this Report Corporate Pro leExecutive StatementAwards and RecognitionsAnnual Performance Review for Sustainable Development03 04050709Opening01 Rural Revitalization and Community Impact Consumer Protection and Experience Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents Technology-driven Sustainable Development Sustainable Supply Chains43 52 56 60 62Sustainable Operations and Community04Strategic Planning Materiality AssessmentStakeholder EngagementManagement StructureESG Risk Management11 12141617Sustainable Development Strategy Management 02 Corporate Governance Business Code of ConductInformation Security and AI Governance64 6669Sustainable Governance05Responsible Investing Sustainable InsuranceResponsible BankingResponsible Products23293439Sustainable Business03 Governance StrategyRisk ManagementMetrics and TargetsOur Measures to Reduce Emissions 74 74787981Our TCFD Report06Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 01OpeningPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Opening About this Report Scope of the Report Reporting scope The Report focuses on Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, and covers its subsidiaries. Reporting cycle The Report is released annually. Compilation Principles of the Report The Report is compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by reference to the Guidelines on Environmental Information Disclosure for Financial Institutions in Shenzhen, Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards, as well as the Sustainability Accounting Standards on Commercial Banks, Insurance and Asset Management & Custody Activities published by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). Data of the Report The nancial data in the Report was extracted from the Annual Report 2022 of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Other data came from the internal systems of the Group or manual collection. Assurance of the Report The contents and data disclosed in the Report were approved by the Board of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China. Release Form of the Report The Reports in Chinese and English are released both in hardcopy and online. The online version can be accessed at https group. cn 03Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Corporate Pro le 344, 223 employeesPing An had 11, 137, 168 in RMB millionTotal assets of approximately As of the end of 2022 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. ( Ping An, Ping An Group, the Group or we ) was established in Shekou, Shenzhen, in 1988. The Group was the rst insurance company to adopt a shareholding structure (joint stock company) in China. It has developed into one of the three major nancial groups in China. The Group s shares are listed in the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (Stock Code 2318) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code 601318). Ping An strives to be a world-leading integrated nance and healthcare services provider. Ping An actively responds to China s 14th Five-Year Plan, and serves the real economy and national strategies including Digital China and Healthy China via nancial services. Ping An develops the integrated nance healthcare strategy to provide professional nancial advisory, family doctor, and elderly care concierge services. Ping An advances comprehensive digital transformation, and employs technologies to improve the quality, e ciency, and risk management of its nancial businesses. Moreover, Ping An continuously delivers on its brand promise of Expertise Makes Life Easier by empowering nancial services with technologies, empowering nancial services with ecosystems, and advancing development with technologies. Remaining customer needs-oriented, Ping An focuses on core nancial businesses and strengthens the insurance protection function to serve the real economy under the people-centered philosophy. Ping An continuously develops its integrated nance model of one customer, multiple products, and one-stop services, providing diverse products and convenient services to nearly 227 million retail customers and over 693 million internet users. Moreover, Ping An continuously extends its 1 N services model (one customer N products) to its corporate business to meet di erent customers demands for integrated nancial services. As of the end of 2022, Ping An had 344, 223 employees and RMB 11, 137, 168 million in total assets. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Executive Statement The report of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China pointed out that We must do a better job of seeing that the gains of moderization bene t all our people fairly, which provides direction for the development of the nancial industry. Implementing the concept of Finance for People The people are the foundation of the state, and the fundamental principle of governance is to bene t the people. Since its establishment in 1998, Ping An has stuck to the original aspiration of servicing the national economy and the people's livelihood and implemented the concept of Finance for People to satisfy the people s aspiration for a better life. Over the past 35 years since its founding, Ping An broke with the traditional property and casualty insurance market at its initial inception development stage, brought life protection consciousness into life insurance product, and developed the integrated nancial model of one customer, multiple products, one-stop services step by step. Ping An serves its customers, employees, stockholders, and all sectors of society. Ping An has four missions. Speci cally, Ping An creates value for (1) customers under the philosophy of service rst and integrity guaranteed; (2) employees by providing them with career plans for prosperous and contented lives; (3) shareholders by delivering stable returns and asset appreciation; and (4) society by giving back to society and developing the country. Focusing on key areas and weak areas A drop of water will never dry up when it is part of the ocean. Financial work can only be rated as satisfactory when it is conducted to satisfy people s yearning for a better life. By upholding the brand concept that Expertise Makes Life Easier and understanding customers needs for high-quality and integrated nancial and healthcare services, Ping An provides professional nancial advisory, family doctor, and elderly care concierge to o er abundant products and services to customers. For insurance, Ping An Property & Casualty now provides accident insurance for food delivery drivers and housekeeping sta. Ping An Life o ers new integrated healthcare solutions of fee-paying medical service. Ping An Annuity provides Hui Min Bao (inclusive supplementary medical insurance) for over 50 million people who are insured, to share results of development with new citizens. Ping An strives for higher quality and e ciency in serving the real economy and o ers nancial services and products to support steady growth. Ping An exploits the strength of integrated nancial services to allocate more resources to the key areas of economic and social development. As of the end of 2022, Ping An invested over RMB 7. 89 trillion in facilitating the development of the real economy, covering major infrastructure projects such as energy, transportation, and water conservancy. Ping An provides more types of services for more people and leverages innovation for better quality and higher e ciency. As of the end of 2022, more than 145 million customers used medical and health services, and home-based elderly care services covered 32 cities. Ping An promotes rural revitalization and aims to be a leader in providing nancial services related to agriculture, farmers, and rural areas. As of the end of 2022, Ping An invested over RMB 77. 1 billion in supporting the development of rural industries, and Ping An Property & Casualty assisted 433 000 farmers from 19 provinces in steadily increasing their income with the policy of Revitalization insurance. Ping An has fully upgraded its green nancial products and services, with green investment and nancing reaching over RMB 282. 3 billion, green banking over RMB 182 billion, and green premiums exceeding RMB 25. 1 billion in 2022. Embarking on a new journey, Ping An will stick to the path of developing nancial products and services with Chinese characteristics. Bene ting more customers with nancial innovations 05Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix The report of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China pointed out that We must do a better job of seeing that the gains of moderization bene t all our people fairly, which provides direction for the development of the nancial industry. Implementing the concept of Finance for People The people are the foundation of the state, and the fundamental principle of governance is to bene t the people. Since its establishment in 1998, Ping An has stuck to the original aspiration of servicing the national economy and the people's livelihood and implemented the concept of Finance for People to satisfy the people s aspiration for a better life. Over the past 35 years since its founding, Ping An broke with the traditional property and casualty insurance market at its initial inception development stage, brought life protection consciousness into life insurance product, and developed the integrated nancial model of one customer, multiple products, one-stop services step by step. Ping An serves its customers, employees, stockholders, and all sectors of society. Ping An has four missions. Speci cally, Ping An creates value for (1) customers under the philosophy of service rst and integrity guaranteed; (2) employees by providing them with career plans for prosperous and contented lives; (3) shareholders by delivering stable returns and asset appreciation; and (4) society by giving back to society and developing the country. Focusing on key areas and weak areas A drop of water will never dry up when it is part of the ocean. Financial work can only be rated as satisfactory when it is conducted to satisfy people s yearning for a better life. By upholding the brand concept that Expertise Makes Life Easier and understanding customers needs for high-quality and integrated nancial and healthcare services, Ping An provides professional nancial advisory, family doctor, and elderly care concierge to o er abundant products and services to customers. For insurance, Ping An Property & Casualty now provides accident insurance for food delivery drivers and housekeeping sta. Ping An Life o ers new integrated healthcare solutions of fee-paying medical service. Ping An Annuity provides Hui Min Bao (inclusive supplementary medical insurance) for over 50 million people who are insured, to share results of development with new citizens. Ping An strives for higher quality and e ciency in serving the real economy and o ers nancial services and products to support steady growth. Ping An exploits the strength of integrated nancial services to allocate more resources to the key areas of economic and social development. As of the end of 2022, Ping An invested over RMB 7. 89 trillion in facilitating the development of the real economy, covering major infrastructure projects such as energy, transportation, and water conservancy. Ping An provides more types of services for more people and leverages innovation for better quality and higher e ciency. As of the end of 2022, more than 145 million customers used medical and health services, and home-based elderly care services covered 32 cities. Ping An promotes rural revitalization and aims to be a leader in providing nancial services related to agriculture, farmers, and rural areas. As of the end of 2022, Ping An invested over RMB 77. 1 billion in supporting the development of rural industries, and Ping An Property & Casualty assisted 433 000 farmers from 19 provinces in steadily increasing their income with the policy of Revitalization insurance. Ping An has fully upgraded its green nancial products and services, with green investment and nancing reaching over RMB 282. 3 billion, green banking over RMB 182 billion, and green premiums exceeding RMB 25. 1 billion in 2022. Embarking on a new journey, Ping An will stick to the path of developing nancial products and services with Chinese characteristics. Ma Mingzhe Chairman of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. (published in People's Daily on February 14, 2023) 06Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Awards and RecognitionsIn 2022, the brand value of Ping An continued to maintain its leading position. Corporate Strength Awards of Excellence in ESG-Hang Seng Index Constituent Stock category Environmental Leadership Award Future ESG ESG Award of 2022 19th Shenzhen Project Care Top 10 Caring Enterprises CSR Initiative of the YearThe Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies Sustainability Awards Organizer(s) Award(s) CDP KPMG China Shenzhen Project Care Organising Committee O ceInsurance Asia News25th on the Fortune Global 500 and 4th among global nancial companies 17th on the Forbes Global 2000 List and 1st among global diversi ed insurance companies for many years 1st among Chinese nancial companies and 5th in the global insurance industry on the 2022 World's Best Employer List 21st on the Global Brand Value List, 4th among global nancial companies, awarded as the world's most valuable insurance brand for 6 consecutive years 23rd worldwide, 1st in the global nancial industry 07Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix ESG Ratings Rating 2022 MSCI ESG Rating A-(The highest level for nancial companies in Mainland China) Low risk (Leader in China) Listed Listed ListedASustainalytics ESG Risk Ratings Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index Series FTSE Russell Sustainability Index Sustainability Yearbook by S&P GlobalForbes China ESG 50A (1st in the multi-line insurance and brokerage industry in the Asia-Paci c region)Industry Exchanges for Sustainable Development As a world recognized integrated nancial services group, Ping An is committed to exerting its industry in uence on sustainable development. Ping An takes an active part in peer exchanges and implements sustainable development strategies with domestic and global sustainable development initiative organizations to facilitate the co-building of a sustainable ecosystem. Complying with the domestic regulatory requirements for sustainable development, Ping An maintains its leading position in the industry and serves as the vice director of the ESG Committee of China Association for Public Companies, member of the Asian Corporate Governance Association and council member of the Green Finance Committee of the China Society for Finance and Banking to support sustainable development activities in the industry. In line with the world s leading sustainable development standards, Ping An has become the rst asset owner signatory from China to UNPRI, Climate Action 100, and Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road Initiative. In addition, Ping An is the rst company in China s mainland to sign the UNEP FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI), and the only Chinese representative of the UNEP FI Global leadership Council and Steering Committee. In this regard, Ping An continues to promote the role of Chinese enterprises in the global sustainability eld. Ping An and global index publisher FTSE Russell announced a partnership to promote sustainable investment. Global Partnership Climate Change Questionnaire of CDP Global Environmental Information Research Center 08Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Annual Performance Review for Sustainable Development Sustainable operations and community Sustainable governance Total assets 11, 137, 168 in RMB million Greenhouse gas emissions in the workplace 326, 669. 88 tCO2e a decrease of 24 over the previous yearTotal income 1, 110, 568 in RMB million Operating pro t 172, 910 in RMB million Coverage rate of ethical standards and anti-corruption training 100 93 Tax payment 115, 478 in RMB millionPercentage of female board directors 20 Investment for facilitating the development of the real economy 7. 89 in RMB trillion Accumulated funds for poverty alleviation andindustrial revitalization assistance 771. 53 in RMB 100 millionSustainable business Projects obtaining the green building certi cation 19 Number of employees participating in key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan 101, 136Training hours per employee 40. 8 hours Number of volunteers from Ping An employees and agents 571, 515The cumulative number of applications for science andtechnology patents 46, 077Individual customers using the servicesprovided by the healthcare ecosystem 145 millionSustainable insurance premium 5, 455. 48 in RMB 100 millionSustainable insurance insured amount 857. 25 in RMB trillion Green credit 1, 164. 20 in RMB 100 million Participating in shareholder meetings of stewardship over 120Inclusive loan 6, 363. 71 in RMB 100 million Responsible investment and nancing 1. 79 in RMB trillion Coverage rate of operations certi cated by the ISO IEC 27001 Information security management system 09Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 02Sustainable Development Strategy Management Ping An Sustainability Report 2022Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 Strategic Planning Five-year goals for core sustainability-related issuesSustainable development is one of Ping An's development strategies and the basis for maximising long-term value. In pursuit of long-term, balanced and high-quality sustainable development, Ping An focuses on improving its practice in ESG-related areas, sets ve-year goals for core sustainability-related issues and e ectively enhances sustainability-related actions and management. Sustainability Issues Qua litative Goals Key Quant itative Goals Sustainable InsuranceContributin g to economic developme nt, social progress and environmen tal impr ovement with comprehensiv e and professional risk as suranceMaintain ing gr owth in total sus tainable insur ance premium Respon sible BankingPromoting economic developmen t, social progress and environmental impr ovement with responsible banking busines sRealizing a 5-year c ompound gr owth o f over 10 Respon sible In vestmentSuppo rting economic development, social progress and environmen tal impr ovemen t with long-term capita l of insurance assets. Integrating E SG into the process of investment decision -makin g managemen t and enhan cing active shareholder behavior a nd related disc losure Respon sible Pr oductsO ering customers convenient, time-sa ving and cost- e ective health and e lderly ca re servicesSteady growth from a round 65 i n terms of indiv idual cus tome r coverage and Int ernet use r coverage Consumer Pr otectio n and Expe rienceService rst and integrity guaranteed Developme nt an d Welfare of Employe es and A gentsProviding career plans for prosperous and contented livesConducting emplo yee satisfaction and engagement surveys and making impr ovements in a continuo us ma nner Rural Revitalization a nd Commun ity ImpactContributing to rural revitalization by providing educational public welfare and volunteer service to give back to society Clima te Cha nge and Car bon Neutr alityAchieving carbon neutr ality in operations by 2030, explor ing asset carbon ne utrality r outes and sha ring be st practicesContinuously measuring and disclosing carbon emis sions in oper ations and assets and explor ation of neutr alisation r outes Corporate Gove rnanceSetting a model of corpor ate governance and deliv ering stable r eturn to shareholdersAnnually r eviewing governanc e principles, mechanisms, s tructur es and pr ocesses Busine ss Code of Conduct Upholdin g eth ical values and r egulatio ns 1 princ iplesAt employee level 100 coverage of integrity and anti-c orruption educa tion, 100 veri ca tion rate of report ed is sues in lett ers At compan y level 100 complia nce with regulations on anti-mo nopoly and fair trade, anti-mon ey laundering, anti-t errorist nancing and sanctions Informa tion S ecurity a nd A I GovernancePutting people rst, maintaining security, fairness and transparency Technology -driv en Sustaina ble Developme ntDriving high-qua lity de velopme nt with digitalization Making s teady impr ovement in digital oper ation of main busines ses Sustainable Su pply Cha insActing as a respon sible buyer and incorporating sustaina ble development principle s into key aspects of procurement to achieve win- win c ooper ationIncorporating sus taina bility claus es int o 100 of supplier cooperation contracts Reaching 100 participation rate in terms of consumer protection training for employees and insurance agents Achieving a steady increase in NPS of major subsidiaries Conducting an annual internal audit on consumer protection Reaching 100 coverage of information security training for employees and contractors Regularly conducting internal and external comprehensive information security reviews Accomplishing KPIs for the three-year plan of the Rural Communities Support Program and making new plans, speci cally, at least 3, 000 hours per year for public welfare teaching activities At least 3, 000 events per year for volunteer services 11Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An updates and constantly improves the process for the identi cation and materiality determination of ESG issues and conducts materiality assessments every year. The Group holistically integrates ESG issues into its operation management to strengthen sustainable development management and practices. The steps for materiality assessment are as follows Materiality Assessment We prioritise the issues based on the materiality to stakeholders and to the Group, and classify the issues into core issues, key issues and focused issues. An integrated materiality assessment matrix is developed based on the prioritisation results. With reference to domestic and foreign disclosure requirements such as the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Guidelines on Environmental Information Disclosure for Financial Institutions in Shenzhen, the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards and the Sustainability Accounting Standards on Commercial Banks, Insurance, Asset Management and Custody Activities published by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the Group comprehensively identi es the related sustainable development issues, based on the Group's ESG management and performance, the benchmarking analysis on outstanding peers, the focuses of mainstream ESG rating agencies and its diversi ed business Characteristics. Identi cation of issuesPrioritisation of issues 01 To deepen the communication with stakeholders, the Group invites internal and external stakeholders, including government and regulators, shareholders, customers, employees, agents, suppliers, community and environment, to take part in the materiality assessment on ESG issues through interview or online questionnaire, so that the Group can learn their expectation and concerns and collect their opinions on the ESG work of Ping An. Surveys on stakeholders 02 Based on the survey results, we perform analysis on material issues to identify the most relevant ones for the Group this year. Materiality assessment on issues 03 04 12Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An fully integrates ESG requirements in the operation management of the Group. Importance to the Group s development Importance to stakeholdersCore issues (Highly related to main business of the Group)Key issues (Highly related to sustainable development) Focused issues (Necessary disclosure)Key issues (Highly related to sustainable development)1 2 34 56 7 89 10 11 12 131 2 3 4 5 6Sustainable insurance Responsible bankingResponsible investmentResponsible productsConsumer protection and experience Development and welfare of employees and agents 7 8 9 10 11 12Rural revitalization and community impact Climate change and carbon neutrality Corporate governanceBusiness code of conductInformation security and Al governance Technology-driven sustainable development Sustainable supply chains13The materiality matrix Policy Statements on Sustainability Policy Sta tement on Sustaina ble Insurance Policy Sta tement on Respon sible I nvestment Polic y Statement on Coa l Rela ted Bu siness Polic y Statement on Respon sible Produc t Managemen t Business Co de of Con duct Policy Sta tement on Bio diversity Polic y Sta tement on Community Impact Employee s Code of Conduct Polic y Statement on Emplo yee Rights Policy Statement on Agent We lfare and Ma nagemen t Polic y Sta tement on Informa tion Security Polic y Statement on Privacy Protection Polic y Statement on AI Ethics Governance Polic y Statement on Sustaina ble Supply Ch ains 13Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An s key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, government and regulatory agencies, shareholders, customers, employees, agents, suppliers, community and environment. Stakeholder Engagement GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORY AGENCIES SHAREHOLDERS CUSTOMERSSTAKEHOLDERS EXPECTATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS COMMUNICATION CHANNELS RESPONSES AND ACTIONS Law-abiding and com- pliant operations Response to national strategies Economic development promotion Market order maintenance Reception Regular reporting and communication Public information disclosure Operating in compliance with laws and regulations Contributing to rural revitalization and implementing inclusive nance Cooperating with local governments to facilitate regional economic development and actively participating in government projects Responding to regulators requirements Maintaining good pro tability Improving the Group s governance Enhancing and optimizing risk management system Regularly releasing annual reports, announcements and other public information disclosure Conducting climate change risk identi cation and assessment and publishing TCFD reports Establishing a remote service model to provide a dedicated manual customer service line for the elderly Promoting nancial product innovation and increasing product categories Establishing after-sales service mechanisms, such as consumer complaint management system Obtaining certi cation in information security management system Robust return on investments E cient corporate governance Comprehensive risk and compliance man-agement system Quality products Humanized services Convenient and fast services Sound personal information security and privacy protection mechanism Timely and accurate information disclosure E ective response to climate change Shareholders' meeting Investor meeting open day Periodic reports and announcements Investor relations column on the o cial website Interview, telephone, company website, WeChat o cial account, a microblogging platform Customer visits Customer satisfaction survey Customer consulting service platform 14Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix EMPLOYEES AGENTS SUPPLIERS COMMUNITY AND ENVIRONMENTSTAKEHOLDERS EXPECTATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS COMMUNICATION CHANNELS RESPONSES AND ACTIONS Well-established welfare and compensation system Clear career development path and training plan Diverse, equal and inclusive working environment Sound system for protecting legal labor rights and interests Sta Congress Employee complaint channels Sta hotline Internal o ce communication system Internal consulting platform Clear career path High development potential Decent income and bene ts Agent Meeting Routine work communication Fair procurement Impartial, fair and green supply chain management Integrity and cooperation Supplier meeting Bidding platform Visits and exchanges Routine work communication Favorable community development Rural Revitalization Diverse public charity activities Volunteer activities Community Advocacy Establishing a fair, just and transparent compensation management system and setting up compensation incentive mechanism Providing comprehensive and diversi ed courses and instructing resources for employees Creating a diversi ed and equal working environment Insisting on equal pay for equal work and prohibiting discrimination Conducting agent service skill training from time to time Upholding fair and equitable agent recruitment principles Providing various kinds of welfare Establishing a sound supplier management system Enhancing integrity in supply chain management Requiring suppliers to participate in Ping An's ESG training Establishing Ping An Volunteers Association Contributing to rural revitalization and promoting Rural Communities Support Program Carrying out Ping An Guardian Initiative activities 15Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Management Structure Adhering to the path of sustainable development, Ping An integrates ESG philosophy into its development strategies. Strategy level The Board of Directors and the Strategy and Investment Committee oversee all ESG issues and are responsible for the strategic planning of sustainable development, risk management, policy-making and progress review. Management level The Sustainable Development Committee under the Group Executive Committee is responsible for the management of core ESG issues such as green nance and rural revitalization, as well as the Group s external communication and publicity concerning sustainable development. Practice level The matrix consisting of the Group's functional units and subsidiaries is responsible for ESG implementation. In addition, a performance appraisal mechanism with scienti c and complete indicators and clear and standardised processes have been established in accordance with the Corporate Governance Rules of Banking and Insurance Institutions issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the principle of balancing revenue and risk, long-term and short-term incentives. Indicators such as compliance and operation, risk management, economic e ciency and social responsibility have been incorporated into the performance appraisal mechanism and a related remuneration management system has been developed. Strategy level Management level Execution level Practice level Boar d of Dir ectors Group Ex ecutiv e Committ ee Group ESG O c eSustainablee Development CommitteeeStrategy and Investment Committee ESG Taskforce (CSR IR PR Group Functional Representatives) Group Functional Units Insur ance Investment Banking TechnologyPing An Gr oup Ex ecution Ma trix Execution MatrixOversee all ESG issues and be responsible for the strategic planning of sustainalbe development, risk management, policy making and progress review. Be responsible for the management of core ESG issues such as green nance, and rural revitalization, as well as the Group s external communication and publicity concerning sustainable development Coordinate sustainable development work in and outside the Group Branding &PR Board O c e HR Financ e Planning Asset Management Internal Control Others ProcurementMember CompaniesESG Governance Structure of Ping An 16Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix The Board of Directors is the highest decision-making authority for the Group s risk management and takes responsibility for the e ectiveness of comprehensive risk management. The Audit and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors has a thorough understanding of major risks and the Group s management of these risks, monitors the operation of the risk management system, and reviews matters relevant to risk management to provide comments and recommendations to the Board of Directors. The practice promotes a smoother and more e ective implementation of the risk management mechanism for the Group and makes risk management more important in daily business activities, which is conducive to further protecting shareholder capital safety, improving capital use e ciency, supporting management decisions and creating management value. In 2022, in order to better guide the Group to study and implement the Comprehensive Risk Management system, the Group organized training and examination concerning principles and objectives, scope and process of risk management for all employes. The training and examination covered the Group's risk-related functional departments and major subsidiaries, with a completion rate and pass rate of 100. ESG Risk Management Risk Management Mechanism Comprehensive Risk Management System Training 17Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Risk management system ESG risks and response Ping An continues to study and upgrade its risk management system, monitor and manage ESG risks against the Group's various categories of general risk management. Ping An adopts a top-down approach to standardise business processes in order to further enhance the Group's risk defense and safeguard the Group's sound operation. Establishment of a uni ed ESG management system and management tools Ping An has established an internal uni ed ESG assessment standard CN-ESG Smart Assessment System. Ping An has integrated the core theories and standards of ESG with the Group's risk management and incorporated ESG risk management requirements into the overall risk management to ensure the steady and long-term development of various businesses of Ping An. ESG Organization & Management ESG Integrated Risk Management Uni ed ESG Collaborative Management Insurance Risk Market Risk Information Risk Operational Risk Strategic Risk Reputation Risk Volatility RiskESG Management System AI-ESG Smart Management PlatformThe Group Subsidiaries Implementation of ESG organization and management with dual control of the Group and subsidiaries At the Group level, Ping An has established the Group ESG O ce. At the subsidiary level, the Group has de ned a matrix of ESG implementation practices, integrated ESG risks with the Group's investment risk management system, and ESG risk control into the management of all investment business units to assist the Group in risk judgment, product design, statistics and reporting of asset portfolios. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix With close attention paid to ESG risks arising from climate change, social change and policy transformation, Ping An systematically identi es ESG risks. At present, among the risks identi ed by Ping An, the emerging social risks mainly include social demographic change and health, high risk diseases and urbanisation and environmental risks mainly include climate disasters, climate change, emerging low-carbon technologies, raising environmental (carbon emissions) standard, carbon emission policies (carbon taxes, carbon trading, etc.) and regulatory mandatory information disclosure requirements. Ping An formulates targeted ESG risk mitigation measures to e ectively manage and avoid the risks and minimise the impact on its business. Major ESG Risk Categories Emerging Risk I Emerging Risk II Name Demograph ic Change a nd Health Risk Climate Risk Category Emerging Socia l Risk Environmental Risk Descriptio n The demograp hic chang e brought abo ut by u rbanisation and th e aging population have creat ed a new de mand for insur ance products. H ealth r isks of chronic disea ses such a s obesity an d dia betes a re incre asing in so ciety due to changes in lifestyle s, and an incr easing number of elderly people ar e facing ser ious health pro blems, which increases risk ex posure of h ealth an d longevity in so ciety. Climate change has exerted a serious impac t on agricultural pr oduc tion, wate r resourc es, eco logica l environment and energy. In the context o f China's carb on neu trality, the enviro nmental pollu tion attributes of h igh-carbon industr ies are beco ming increasin gly eviden t, and investors in high-ca rbon indu stries are fa cing serious investmen t risks. For compan ies in general, climate change has br ought more uncer tainties an d unpreceden ted n ew challenges to th eir operation s and nancia l performan ce. The acc eleration of aging population will contribute to r ecruitmen t di cu lties for enterprises an d pose pressur e on social emplo yment, whic h leads to a reduction in th e time a vailable for pen sion payments a nd inc reases th e pre ssure o n pen sion payments. Climate c hange has in crease d the frequ ency of extreme we ather events, which may c ause material damage an d a e ct bu siness sta bility. E e ctive polic ies an d actions take n by the public sect or to mitiga te climate cha nge also entail nancial r isks, such as tran sition risks, which a ec t nanci al stability mainly through the channels of asset pr ices, policies an d rep utation. Policy change s due to c limate change may a ec t the so lvency of borrower s. For in stance, the introduction of carbon pricing incr eases the prod uction costs of bo rrowers, th us indirectly a ecting corporate income and le ading to an increased r isk of de fault in credit o perations. Response strategies(1) Contin uously optimizin g the supply o f prote ction and savings pr oduc ts and increasin g the supply o f competitiv e produc ts to provide cu stomers with safe r and warmer protection. Ping An has esta blished a co mprehensive governance mechanism to manage climate-rel ated issue s. (2) Sustainable insurance strategy. Implemen ting a responsible in vestmen t strategy, actively fo llowin g the ve principle s of ES G integration, active shareholding, thematic investmen t, prudent investme nt and in formation transparen cy. P ing An Bank grad ually red uces th e sca le and pr oportio n of c arbon-in tensive loans. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix ESG Risk Management System for Financial BusinessPing An integrates ESG risk with the Group s investment and nancing risk management system and makes a secondary subdivision of risk categories from the two major categories - climate change and social risks. In addition, Ping An sets relevant risk standards and conducts risk judgment in combination with Ping An s asset portfolios. The Group ESG O ce, along with relevant functional departments and subsidiaries, jointly established a responsible investment expert group, aiming to promote the Group s responsible investment policy. In respect of the equity, bond, credit and project assets, the Group has formulated the Ping An Group s Policy Statement on Responsible Investment and established a full management process - advance, intermediate and afterward - risk management mechanism. Investment and Financing Risk Management Mechanism Regular statistics and disclosure Ongoing testing of post-investment loan management EquityBond PE M&A CreditPre-investment loan risk control 20Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Insurance Risk Management Mechanism Ping An continuously studies and monitors the risks of global climate changes (including rising temperature and extreme climate disasters) and those of social changes (including social demographic change, high risk diseases). Ping An uses innovative technology to establish a risk management system and comprehensively manages ESG-related risks, so as to manage and avoid insurance risks, and ensure reasonable pricing for insurance products in view of ESG risks. In addition, Ping An has adopted targeted measures to manage the ESG risks of insurance products. For innovative products, Ping An actively communicates with its peers, particularly reinsurance companies, to obtain more valid information and analytical data to prevent excessive risk exposure. Reinsurance is an important means for risk control of the Company, playing a key role in risk transfer, steady operation, technology improvement, and underwriting capacity expansion. It facilitates steady operation and sustainability of the Company. A reinsurance management system has been developed to ensure smooth performance of reinsurance functions. Reasonable arrangements for di erent types of reinsurance are made, and ESG risks are transferred and controlled by means of reinsurance contracts. Product developmentRisk prevention, and underwriting and claimsProduct managementReinsurance Ping An conducts ESG risk assessment for new insurance products and sets reasonable prices to manage insurance risks. In terms of environmental pollution, Ping An Property & Casualty has launched ocean carbon sink index insurance to detect changes in the marine environment through the carbon sink index and protect marine life. The functions of cloud service platforms focusing on environmental liability insurance and risk control include environment pollution sensitivity mapping, professional information, risk control toolkits and risk assessment models across 18 sectors. It can o er risk management of the whole process services to clients, reinforce the risk monitoring and early warning management and improve environmental risk governance. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 03Sustainable BusinessPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Adopting the responsible investment philosophy, Ping An has developed the Ping An Group s Policy Statement on Responsible Investment, which identi es the scope of application of responsible investment and further explains its responsible investment strategy. Ping An also issued Ping An s Policy Statement on Coal Business, which emphasises strict measures to control investment in industries with high pollution and emissions on a policy level. The principles concerning Ping An s responsible investment include ESG integration, the active shareholder, thematic investing, prudence, and transparency. Responsible Investing Responsible Investment PolicyPrinciples of responsible investment 1 Principle of active shareholder 2 4 53Ping An incorporates ESG factors into the investment decision making and proactively develops the CN-ESG smart evaluation system, which could serve as the evaluation criteria and basis of investment for listed companies, bond issuers and ESG due diligence of projects. Ping An makes full use of shareholder's positive in uence by way of ESG communication and guidance and stewardship, urges the invested businesses to improve ESG performance and o er practicable suggestion based on their conditions, so as to guide them to develop in a healthy manner. Ping An deeply practices the development concept of inclusive nance and green nance with the focus on sustainability-themed investment strategies on environmental protection involving environment restoration and clean energy. It also concentrates on the investment tactics which may bring about extra social bene ts involving rural revitalization and inclusive nance. Ping An is committed to not investing in controversial industries and regions. Ping An also adopts conditional exclusion strategies on serious polluting and energy-consuming projects. Investment in thermal power and coal industries will apply prudence. Principle of ESG integration Principle of thematic investing Principle of transparencyPrinciple of prudenceResponsible investment is essentially a value investment, which requires the philosophy of social responsibilities to be incorporated into investment decision-making. Ping An hopes that every investment decision can create a positive environmental and social impact. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An proactively integrates ESG issues into the process of basic research, analysis and decision-making. For instance, we consider climate change, low-carbon transition, physical risk and other ESG factors when making decisions to invest in assets of all categories. Responsible Investment System Building of ESG investment system Integration of ESG factors in investment decision making ESG due diligence Formulation of the Positive Negative Investment List Use and improve the CN ESG evaluation system, assess ESG performance of investment objectives and make investment decisions based on the evaluation scores provided by the systems Encourage integration of ESG factors and other crucial factors in nancial forecasting and valuation and take full account of and adjust, if necessary, all variables available to make investment decisions On the basis of national policies, market dynamics, industry conditions and peer benchmarking, formulate the Negative Investment List and the Positive Investment List De ne targeted criteria for ESG due diligence of investment projects and integrate ESG factors in investment decision making Investigate substantive ESG issues during the due diligence phase and record ESG issues in the investment memorandum Equity Fixed income Private equity (PE) Real estateMeasures Focus areas Scope In 2022, Ping An ESG Investment Research Team incorporated the CN-ESG score into the research and analysis of the MoM (Manager of Managers) fund portfolio. The Team analysed and compared the ESG scores of each sub-fund manager's portfolio and conducted a multi-dimensional analysis of the investment income performance and ESG performance, ESG information disclosure integrity, market value factor and industrial carbon emission characteristics to explore the relationship between ESG factors and return on investment. By implementing the principle of active shareholders, monitoring portfolio investees, and recognizing the risks and opportunities investees face in the journey of long-term value creation strategy, Ping An actively engages with investees and leads them towards healthy development. Ping An conducts stewardship among the Group s important strategic investees and companies highly relevant to the Group s ESG strategy. In terms of stewardship structure, Ping An has established a three-tier structure with the Group's Investment Portfolio Management Committee and Investment Portfolio Management Center and the subsidiary's Investment Portfolio Management Center. In the 2022 strategic investment portfolio management guideline, Ping An Group has clearly put forward the need to focus on the hazards and risks that the investees may bring to the environment and society in their business activities and established relevant reporting and listing management systems. stewardship shareholder meetings for strategic investment projectsover 120 10Proposals involving ESG-related issues 25Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Green investment and nancing 282. 363 in RMB billionInclusive investment and nancing 33. 444 in RMB billionResponsible investment and nancing 1. 79 in RMB trillionAs of the end of 2022, the scale of Ping An s responsible investment and nancing reached RMB 1. 79 trillion, of which green investment and nancing was recorded RMB 282. 363 billion. Inclusive investment and nancing reached RMB 33. 444 billion, and social investment and nancing was RMB 1. 48 trillion. The Impact of Responsible Investment and FinancingIn 2022, as part of restructuring e orts for the Peking University Founder Group, Ping An supported the Founder Group in risk resolution work. Our professional team in charge of compliance and recti cation worked closely with investors and administrators in Zhuhai and the management of the Founder Group in this regard. Guided by ESG philosophy, we have formulated the management principles of stable business, management and team and risk control. We o ered guidance to the Founder Group on restructuring from three dimensions of environment, social and corporate governance, and helped them ensure sound operation. We assisted Founder Group in e ectively resolving huge debts and major nancial risks, safeguarding the interests of the majority of creditors, while steadily securing jobs for 40, 000 employees, and improving employee compensation and bene ts packages, training and career development path planning. We supported Founder Group in signi cantly improving its governance structure and management mechanisms to guard against major risks. Environmental Social Corporate governance Social investment and nancing 1. 48 in RMB trillionCase of stewardship practice Restructuring of Peking University Founder Group 26Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Performance of Responsible Investment and Financing (in RMB million) (1) The estimation scope of responsible investment and nancing covers all nancial products of the Group (except banks) that participated as issuers and investors. Insurance funds include the insurance funds of Ping An Life, Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Annuity and Ping An Health Insurance. Green investment and nancing refer to the types of projects, such as green nancing, green mutual funds, green building, and green assets, encouraged by the Asset Management Association of China s (AMAC) Green Investment Guideline. Inclusive investment and nancing include supporting small and micro businesses, businesses related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, rural revitalization and shanty town transformation. The project aims to facilitate the development of new energy enterprises and further develop the markets of new energy battery technology and application, thus driving the high-quality development of China's new energy industry. Responsible Investment and Financing Practices The rst green-certi ed green insurance debt investment plan in China In September 2022, Ping An invested RMB 3. 5 billion in the Nanchang-Ningdu Expressway project in the form of debt investment to improve the ecological environment around the expressway, enhance resource utilisation e ciency and promote green and low-carbon transformation. Issuing China's rst supply chain (payable) green asset-backed commercial paper In 2022, Ping An Trust issued China's rst supply chain (payable) green asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP), which is also the rst asset-backed commercial paper business of China State Construction Engineering Corporation. The 19 projects corresponding to all the pooled assets of the paper belong to the green industry. While boosting the green industry, the project also actively promotes the application of asset securitisation in the green industry. The project was awarded the Green Finance Pioneer Innovation Award by the Financial Society of Shenzhen Special Economic Zone in 2022. The plan aims to help small and micro enterprises in the Yangtze River Delta by leveraging social capital. Guided by the national rural revitalization strategy and green development concept, the trusts comprehensively invest in agricultural machinery, sales of agricultural products, ower and grain farming and other areas, to drive the transformation and upgrading of modern agriculture. The project fully demonstrated Ping An Securities' innovative ability and ful lled its philosophy and commitment to follow the national strategy and support the green development of the real economy. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Sustainable Insurance Sustainable Insurance Strategy Sustainable Insurance Product SystemPing An has fully integrated ESG factors into core business development strategies, including its insurance business. In addition, Ping An has developed the Ping An Group s Policy Statement on Sustainable Insurance based on the Sustainable Insurance Principles (PSI) introduced by the United Nations Environment Program Finance Initiative (UNEPFI) and proposed four principles of sustainable insurance Ping An constantly enhances the integration of ESG factors into its product development, design and evaluation, and increases product innovation in order to continuously improve and enrich the sustainable insurance portfolios. In 2022, Ping An actively responded to China s Carbon Neutrality strategy and further strengthened the development of green insurance products and services. At the same time, Ping An keeps tracking the changes in demand in the insurance market due to the changing health trends of China s population and accelerated urbanisation. Ping An is committed to incorporating ESG philosophies into its insurance business, guiding insurance product design toward sustainable development so as to become a trustworthy insurance company. Through the application of cutting-edge technology, Ping An continues to improve its service quality and e ciency, o ering more assured and convenient services to clients. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Major categories of Ping An Sustainable InsuranceUnderwriting and Claims Incorporate ESG risk factors (including climate risks and emerging social risks) and adjust the estimated incidence and risk premium in the actuarial and pricing process Conduct research on potential ESG-related risks such as climate change, demographic changes and changing health trends, integrate technological innovation into risk management by establishing a system to manage insurance risks Fully consider the needs of various social groups and design targeted products and services Investigate the impact of projects on the environment, including project location, production technology, management, pollution treatment and environmental protection measures Stop underwriting new engineering insurance policies for overseas coal and thermal power business Leverage arti cial intelligence, blockchain, cloud computing and other technologies to provide customers with technological innovation services suitable for di erent scenarios, as well as fast, convenient and transparent underwriting and claim services so as to improve the service quality and e ciencyProduct and Service Design UnderwritingManagement Measures for ESG Integration Insurance Process Liability Insurance Medical Insurance Annuity Insurance Critical Illness Insurance Insurance for Small and Micro Business Operation Insurance for Sannong (Agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents) Insurance for Special Group Green Insurance Social Insurance Inclusive Insurance ESG risk insurance Green industry insurance Green life insurance 30Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Integrating climate risk into the actuarial model to improve product pricing accuracy To fully address the impact of climate risks, Ping An Property & Casualty has applied environmental data related to climate risks to various aspects of insurance pricing and risk management. In the actuarial pricing model, Ping An Property & Casualty has fully utilised climate hazard data through research and development, validation and application. Sustainable Insurance Impact Ping An has integrated its diversi ed insurance business with ESG philosophies and leveraged the risk protection attributes of insurance products from the aspects of responding to climate change, supporting green industries, serving small and micro enterprises and providing coverage for special groups, contributing to environmental, social, and economic sustainability. Performance of Sustainable Insurance (in RMB million) Green Insurance Social Insurance Inclusive Insurance Premium income 25, 105 490, 951 29, 492 Insured amount 176, 931, 602 535, 408, 482 144, 911, 316 (1) According to the Green Insurance Statistics System issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, green insurance covers three aspects 1) coverage against ESG risks. Social insurance includes liability insurance (such as food safety insurance), medical insurance and critical illness insurance. Inclusion insurance mainly includes insurance for agriculture, rural areas and rural residents, insurance for vulnerable groups and insurance for small and micro enterprises. Research and development phase Natural disaster data is processed into factor variables that can be used for modeling, matched with insurance claims data, and the factor e ects are veri ed on a case-by-case basis for major covered catastrophe liabilitiesand introduced into the actuarial pricing model. Validation phase Application phaseGreen InsurancePing An's Sustainable Insurance Practices Application esample visual map of ood-damaged vehecles 31Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Catastrophe insurance in Shenzhen In 2022, Ping An Property & Casualty underwrote a catastrophe insurance project for the Emergency Management Bureau of Shenzhen as the main contractor for the rst time. At the same time, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance carried out research to study disaster characteristics and response mechanisms and assist in preparing disaster data analysis reports, which provide a reference for government decisions. For the rst time, the resettlement compensation cost has been directly compensated to the individual victims of the disaster. The system has a 1km 1km resolution and can give early warnings 48 hours in advance. With DRS 2. 0 and the catastrophe management platform, Ping An Property & Casualty can provide tailored accurate early warning and prevention guidance to customers via AI phone, messages, Hao Bang Shou Qi Ye Bao and other platforms, assisting customers in taking immediate precautionary measures. During the disaster, Ping An Property & Casualty coordinates human resources, relief supplies and other resources, and o ers customers e cient rescue and claim settlement services. As of the end of December 2022, the DRS 2. 0 sent out 4. 41 million disaster prevention and early warnings to 2. 23 million customers through message, Wechat, and other methods, which reduced over RMB 200 million loss for customers in total. Green Insurance Disaster prevention and early warnings messages Reducing loss for customers4. 41 million 200 in RMB millionCatastrophe Index Insurance Ping An Property & Casualty has incorporated the characteristics of catastrophe insurance and index insurance to launch the Catastrophe Index Insurance. The insurance is based on the disaster indexes of heavy rainfall and typhoons, and the amount of compensation can be determined according to the policy regulations without on-site survey and loss assessment. In this way, relief time is greatly saved, and e ciency in disaster relief is improved. The insurance is conducive to promoting the reconstruction of public facilities after disasters, e ectively supporting the development of the real economy. After the disaster, Ping An Property & Casualty issued the disaster warning and opened the green channel for claim settlement. After receipt of the claim le of the heavy rainfall disaster, the catastrophe index insurance payout of RMB 82. 8 million was completed in only 3 working days. Catastrophe index insurance compensation in Shaoguan Site of catastrophe insurance claim settlement service in Shenzhen 32Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Green building performance liability insurance In March 2022, Ping An Property & Casualty launched the green building performance liability insurance, through the mode of service insurance, participating in the whole process of the green building performance construction management of enterprises from green design to green operation. Ping An Property & Casualty is also responsible for the economic compensation after the risk of green star rating, so that the green building and green star rating is put into practice to help create a green building development environment in which people are put in the rst place, performance is emphasised and quality is improved. Design sketch of the rst green construction project of green nancial services in NingboOcean carbon sink index insurance To accelerate the achievement of dual carbon goals, Ping An Property & Casualty has innovatively explored a development path of ocean carbon sinks that are of market value and environmentally friendly. Ping An Property & Casualty launched ocean carbon sink index insurance. When speci c changes occur in the marine environment, resulting in damage to kelp and shell sh and algae organisms and weakening carbon sinks, Ping An Property & Casualty will pay compensations, which can be used for post-disaster rescue of marine biological carbon sink resources and ecosystem protection and restoration. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Property & Casualty provided carbon risk coverage of RMB 400, 000 for algae organisms in Changhai county, Dalian City. Ping An Property & Casualty became the rst insurer to provide carbon sink insurance services in the land marine ecosystems and provided coverage of RMB 43. 4 million of this kind in total. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Property & Casualty provided RMB 813. 7 billion of risk coverage for employees of more than 130, 000 enterprises. Ensuring a better life for new urban citizens In order to cope with the new trend of urbanization and meet the needs of new urban citizens, Ping An Life launched the exclusive Xin An - Million Medical Insurance, which provides inpatient medical coverage worth millions, which covers general inpatient medical care and critical illness inpatient medical care, as well as one-stop inpatient services covering the whole process of hospitalisation, and an integrated medical solution of medical expense payment medical care services for new citizens. In addition, to meet the needs of new urban citizens in their daily travels, Ping An Life launched the Xin'an - Travel Accident Insurance, which covers general accidents, public transportation accidents and accidental medical care during work and life. The Insurance can be customised according to actual needs, providing accident protection for new urban citizens. As of the end of December 2022, the two insurance products provided nearly RMB 10 million in insurance coverage for new urban citizens. The model of underwriting based on orders was pioneered in the bike-sharing industry, with an average daily orders of 10 million. While guaranteeing the safe use of shared bicycles, Ping An also encourages consumers to choose low-carbon modes of travel. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Banking Ping An has always adhered to the ESG concept in its banking business. It has adhered to the sustainable development concept of responsibility creates value, sincere returns to the society as its core value, actively ful lled its environmental responsibility, social responsibility and economic responsibility. It also fully implemented the green, social and inclusive sustainable development concept in credit business and other nancing businesses by continuously deepening the responsible banking business system. Responsible banking promotes the comprehensive uni cation of various bene ts, realize the organic combination of commercial value and social value, and promotes the sustainable development of the environment, economy and society. The Bank constantly optimizes the technological application and risk management to build itself into a value-creating and branded bank with strong operation and management capabilities 34Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Banking System Require customer managers to conduct on-site investigations into enterprises environment management, pollution emission, production safety and other aspects, granting no admission to those failing to meet environmental protection standardsStrictly review projects compliance on initiation, land use, environmental assessment, energy conservation, labor safety, etc. Customer AdmissionReview and ApprovalLending ReviewPost-loan MonitoringPre-loan Investigation Link of Credit ESG Measures Formulate credit policy covering 90 industries (including agriculture industry, animal husbandry industry, high energy production industry, mining industry, oil and gas industry, etc.) and adopt di erentiated admission approach, setting higher requirements for risky industries to improve risk management levelPing An Bank has established mature and systematic processes for internal control and operation of credit business and incorporated environmental, social and governance risks into all stages of credit granting. In addition, Ping An Bank clearly de nes the reporting process of ESG risks and provides detailed information on thresholds of escalation, giving additional examples for due diligence when necessary. Upholding the red line of environmental and social risks, Ping An Bank implements its right of veto for projects or enterprises that are prohibited by the government or fall foul of environmental protection regulations. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Banking Impact By the end of December 2022, the scale of Ping An s responsible banking had reached nearly RMB 1. 10 trillion, of which green banking recorded nearly RMB 182. 089 billion, inclusive banking nearly RMB 653. 427 billion, and social banking nearly RMB 262. 151 billion. Green banking covers green credit, green bonds, green trust, green leases, green asset securitisation, etc. Social banking covers infrastructure construction, health care, education and culture, rural revitalization, shanty town transformation, etc. Inclusive banking covers supporting small and micro businesses, businesses related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, etc. With the support of carbon reduction calculation provided by China UnionPay and Shanghai Environment Exchange, the platform provides users with the ability to calculate carbon emission reduction in various scenarios such as daily transportation. Green Banking Scan code to learn about the Low Carbon Home personal carbon account 37Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An Bank's cumulative loans to small and micro enterprises 130 in RMB billion Served 1, 160 small and medium-sized banksSatellite remote sensing empowers inclusive nance On August 9, 2022, Ping An Bank and its partner successfully launched Ping An No. 3, the Bank s earth observation optical remote sensing satellite. Ping An No. 3 carries a non-contact and long-distance detection technology which is not restricted by ground conditions and enables cross-veri cation and supplementation to the IoT data. Ping An No. 3 will join IoT satellites Ping An No. 1 and Ping An No. 2, to ensure unimpeded nancial service channels and help expand the inclusiveness of nancial services. As of the end of 2022, the Bank served 1, 160 small and medium-sized banks, including 1, 010 rural nancial institutions. Through inter-bank cooperation, the Bank has extended nancial services to counties, villages and other areas. Ping An Bank also launched mobile service vehicles equipped with remote counter FB3. 0 and provided more than 80 non-cash retail business services such as account opening, change, transfer and remittance through face recognition, remote video and other technologies to create a mobile outlet model. Mobile service vehicles support services on holiday and emergency door-to-door services in remote areas and are planned to be extended to remote villages and other areas with poor nancial service Digitalization helps nance small and micro enterprises In 2022, to ease nancing di culties for small and micro enterprises, especially those which can t get loans through traditional bank channels, Ping An Bank brought several credit products to the market. These products, with a credit limit up to RMB 2 million, are highly accessible and digitalized online and can meet the needs of small and micro enterprises for short-term, frequent and rapid nancing without going to bank counters. By the end of December 2022, the total balance of such loans had approached RMB 130 billion. Social and Inclusive Banking Successful launch of satellite 38Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Embracing the philosophy of providing professional and honest services, creating value and contributing to society, Ping An gives full support to the Healthy China initiative. Responsible Products Responsible Product Strategy In response to trends such as population aging, urbanization and changes in the natural environment, Ping An is committed to developing responsible products based on its business advantages and the strategic planning of integrated nance healthcare. Moreover, it promotes healthy lifestyles, upgrades the channels to provide high-quality healthcare services and improves integrated healthcare solutions, trying to provide customers with worry-free, time-saving, and money-saving healthcare and elderly care service. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Insurance HealthcareResponsible Product System With years of operation and management experience in insurance and healthcare industries, Ping An innovatively launched a Chinese version of Managed Care Operation. It combines di erentiated healthcare services with nancial services for the payer, creating a closed loop of supply, demand and payment and integrating the supplier on behalf of the payer. In 2022, by virtue of experience in Managed Care Operation and the advantages of insurance coverage and service ecosystem, Ping An upgraded its one-stop healthcare service solutions in a comprehensive and targeted manner. In addition, Ping An improved its ability to provide healthcare services, hoping to gather more healthcare resources and social forces to contribute to the cause of Healthy China. By the end of December 2022, more than 145 million of the Group s individual customers had used the services provided by the healthcare ecosystem. Ping An Group promotes the development of the health management service system for enterprise employees, with sales to corporate customers growing steadily, servingmore than 25 million employees in more than 55, 000 enterprises. Insurance Elderly Care Based on the philosophy of heart-warming insurance, Ping An, by virtue of its nancial strength and technological empowerment as well as resource integration ability and rst-mover advantage, has increased the supply of competitive products based on customer demands. In addition, Ping An launched elderly care services featuring insurance home-based elderly care and insurance high-end elderly care under the Group s healthcare ecosystem to help more elderly people embrace high-quality lifestyles and contribute to the improvement of people's livelihood. As China s population continues to age, people are gradually realizing the importance of health management and quality life. By relying on advantages of One Ping An, Ping An serves customers via the model of 1 smart assistant, 1 dedicated butler and many expert consultants, which integrates healthcare, accommodation, nursing, food, leisure and other service scenarios to build a lifecycle service platform under a strict supervision system. This solution o ers elderly people one-stop home-based elderly care service and help them to live a digni ed home-based life. By the end of December 2022, Ping An home-based elderly care service has covered 32 cities nationwide, with over 500 service items. million individual customers had used the services provided by the healthcare ecosystem 55, 000 enterprisesCovering 25 millionServing32 citiesPing An home-based elderly care service has covered corporate employees 40Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ensure service quality by managing service Order performance Process standards Results HealthcareFoodAccommodationMobilityFinance Elderly careHealthcare Leisure Nursing Safety 3 Butlers1 Supervision System 10 Service ScenariosLife Butler Family Doctor Butler Smart Butler Risks Ping An home-based elderly care service system 41Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 04Sustainable Operations and CommunityPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Ping An actively undertakes Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and leverages its capabilities in nancial business to boost the development of the real economy. Ping An makes full use of insurance funds, bank credit, asset management and other nancial resources to continuously improve nancial services with wider coverage to boost the development of the real economy. As of the end of December 2022, we invested a total of more than RMB 7. 89 trillion to support the development of the real economy, covering major infrastructure projects such as energy, transportation and water conservancy. Ping An responds to the national strategic plan, brings into play the insurance protection function, and takes action to develop a risk protection network in aerospace, energy, transportation and other elds. In 2022, Ping An Property&Casualty, as the chief underwriter, o ered the launch insurance and third-party liability insurance for the Long March 8 Yao-2 carrier rocket. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Property&Casualty had provided risk protection of over RMB 2. 5 trillion for more than 1, 000 major engineering and construction projects in China, and also provided insurance protection for public facility construction in 105 countries and regions. In 2022, Ping An Asset Management supported Xiamen Railway, Ningbo Rail Transit, Sichuan Road Bridge, Jinan-Zhengzhou High-speed Railway and other key transportation infrastructure projects through multiple ways such as debt and equity, and increased transportation infrastructure investment by RMB 39. 4 billion. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Bank used satellite technology to establish the Ping An Nebula IoT Platform with more than 20 million IoT terminals connected to the platform, supporting nancing of the real economy with a total amount of over RMB 650 billion. Ping An Puhui accumulatively served 19. 02 million borrowers, with 80 of new loans granted to small and micro businesses for ve consecutive quarters. On the basis of insurance, Ping An plays a guiding role in coordinating the resources of technology, healthcare, platforms, customers and brands to promote the development of rural Party organizations and rural revitalization modes. As of the end of December 2022, the Party branches of various institutions of Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance established 442 joint Party building points with the grassroots village Party branches in various areas and took 964 bene cial actions with covered 678, 000 people. Since our participation in the assistance program in 2016, Ping An has contributed signi cantly to completing purchases worth over RMB 600 million. Supportive Agricultural Products PurchasePing An constantly increases its public welfare assistance to special groups and the rural economy. Rural Public Welfare Assistance(1) Village O cer Program Creating a Closed Loop of Integrated Assistance Contributed to completing purchases worth over Mother's needlework embroidery scene Mother's needlework - The sun's secret embroidery ornaments Mother's needlework - blessing word ne plate gold embroidery ornamentsPing An Sustainability Report 2022 45OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 600 in RMB millionScan the code for more information To improve the literacy of science and technology, literature, sports and mental health, Ping An has built the ve major projects of Ping An Education public welfare by utilising hardware maintenance, volunteer course teaching, remote training, summer camps and scholarship for students teachers. Village Teacher Program Bridging the Urban-Rural Gap in Education In 2022, Ping An constantly promoted volunteer teaching actions. In terms of reading, sports as well as science and technology, we carried out volunteer teaching actions themed on Happy Children in various locations. The lectures were delivered on live broadcasts from various platforms such as WeChat public accounts, video accounts, China Media Group Mobile and China Education Network Television(CENTV), fostering the cultural atmosphere of social welfare and comprehensively contributing to improving rural education quality. In 2022, 37. 337 million people participated in the live lectures of scene masters. Science and Technology Literacy Improvement Program for TeenagersCarefree Childhood Care for the Mental Health of Rural ChildrenPing An Sustainability Report 2022 46OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Volunteer teaching in Ping An Hope Primary School Watching a online planetarium master lecture at Machang Primary School, Jinbi Town, Qianxi, Guizhou3, 592 hoursPing An's total volunteer teaching hours in 2022 37. 337 million person-timesLive lectures of scene masters of Science and Technology Literacy Improvement Program for Teenagers covered Children at Pingan Hope Primary School in Jinhua, Zhejiang Province Ping An continued to carry out the programs of mobile physical examination and free clinic activities. We o er free physical examination services to villagers, including physical examination and auxiliary diagnosis and treatment, which helped them identify physical health problems, raised their health awareness and improved the local healthcare services. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An carried out 8 mobile physical examinations and free clinic activities, with the reference query above for this healthcare 1, 150 times. Village Doctor Program Continuous E orts on Building a Healthy Village Rural Areas Support Program Ping An improves the models of Insurance. Focusing on industrial assistance, Ping An supports industrial development by helping solve the nancing problems of agriculture-related industries at the front end, providing risk protection for featured agriculture at the middle end and empowering brand building of agricultural products at the back end. Through the program, Ping An gives full play to Ping An's advantages of integrated nance healthcare and o ers insurance, nancial and healthcare services to rural areas, with the aim of developing advantageous agricultural industries and building a harmonious and beautiful countryside. In this way, Ping An helps ensure stable agricultural and increased production and steady increase in farmers' income, and build stable and tranquil rural areas. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An carried out 84 revitalization insurance projects, provided funds of RMB 1. 421 billion to support industries and helped 433, 000 rural households increase their average annual incomes by RMB 12, 000. Financing Support before Production To cope with the risks that may arise in the production process, Ping An actively implemented the model of insurance technology and developed more types of agricultural insurance with local features. We also popularized insurance protection for featured agriculture-related industries and gave full play to the role of insurance as a stabiliser for economic development, to lift the worries of farmers covered by the insurance and further promote the development of featured industries. Through the model of one item, one code, one insurance, the full process information of agricultural products from eld to table is presented to consumers. In this way, the brand value and risk response level of agricultural products are increased, and the digital operation management and brand marketing capability agricultural enterprises are enhanced. Risk Protection during Production 900Assisting the sales of more than 110, 000Issuing more than To support local economic development, Ping An promotes industrial revitalization with its advantages of integrated nance technology. O ering Financial Services in Rural Areas Cultivation of new growth drivers for ProsperitySales Promotion after Production Ping An took an active part in facilitating sales for agriculture-related industries to e ectively promote the scale development of featured industries and adopts the industrial development system of one village, one product, one town, one industry as the main way to develop featured agriculture and promote industrial revitalization. Utilising science and technology resources, the Ping An Auto Owner platform provided a platform for the sales of provincial premium agricultural products. With sales channels for agricultural products opened and consumer bases expanded, 123 enterprises settled, and 900 kinds of agricultural products were sold. Financial Service Support Ping An has developed the Digital Village, the rst mini program for rural areas, to provide integrated digital village services with the support of satellites, IoT and the mini program. In addition, we provide 13 integrated services including rural revitalization debit cards, wealth management, loan, digital cultural tourism, farmer-aiding stores and rural talent training classes to digitalize nancial and government services. At the same time, Ping An provided rural revitalization card owners with personal accident insurance and free online diagnosis services. In 2022, the Ping An Public Welfare Platform was o cially launched on Ping An Public Welfare Day and became the only online public o ering information platform approved by the Ministry of Civil A airs in the nancial and insurance industry. Ping An encourages employees, customers and others to jointly participate in public welfare. At the same time, Ping An builds a diversi ed and high-quality education platform for the majority of teenagers and always pays attention to the growth and development of special needs groups. Ping An carries out public welfare actions to protect biodiversity and promote the concept of ecological development, striving to create an atmosphere of harmonious development between man and nature. Education Biodiversity Protection Inspiration Program Helping Others Realize Dreams Ping An pays continuous attention to the education of special needs groups. This program improves their communication and employability skills and help them overcome di culties in employment and better integrate into society. The program focused on the di culties and needs faced by new citizens and set up scholarships worth millions to encourage young people to come up with innovative plans of products and services to help new citizens settle in cities, thus further facilitating the sustainable development of society. A total of 1, 834 submissions from 632 universities were received and 6, 500 people participated in this competition. The contest not only helps new citizens lead a better life with the wisdom of young people but also develops the ability of young people to serve society. In 2022, the Ping An Guardian Action - National Park project o cially landed in the Ya'an area of Giant Panda National Park. We planted 50, 000 samplings and established more than 600 mu of giant panda habitat corridor, e ectively assisting local ecological forest transformation and restoration and improving the quality of habits. Giant Panda Protection ProjectIn 2022, Ping An launched the project to protect South China tigers and donated RMB 1. 5 million to upgrade the breeding and research bases, improve the living environment of baby tigers and conduct science popularization. Tiger Protection Project Scan the code for more information Nanjing Yucai library unveiling ceremonyPing An Sustainability Report 2022 50OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix In 2022, Ping An organized various public welfare activity in di erent places with the community as the center. Ping An focused on the elds of elderly care, reading, health management, continued to communicate with residents in the community of various places and actively responded to social issues. By simulating the home environment and the state of elderly life, the micro exhibition hall presented elderly-friendly furniture, auxiliary equipment and appliances in bathrooms, bedrooms, kitchens, living rooms and other scenes and had relevant introductions to the common sense of aging at home. The activity helped residents understand the professional knowledge of aging transformation and let the elderly experience at-home care life and understood the necessity and convenience of various transformations. We guided and served the community to read by donating Yucai Library to the community, building a community volunteer team and carrying out activities to create a scholarly community. uni00A0At the same time, Ping An also provided the public with new forms of reading by providing audiobooks and introducing 5G reading, which enriches the reading experience of the public and enabled residents to have a good reading experience at their doorstep. During the event, Ping An Life actively supported the China Red project, provided a series of free health management services for the public, o ered free assistance to people with chronic diseases, established personal health management les, coordinated online and o ine expert consultations and provided free consultation services for patients. As of the end of 2022, the number of online participants exceeded one million, and more than 70, 000 users signed up for the chronic disease management service. We o er volunteers green energy points, which are earned based on their volunteering hours and can be redeemed for a variety of bene ts, to reward them. Moreover, each volunteer is provided with a piece of digital artwork with a unique identi er. A new low-carbon model for volunteering In 2022, under the guidance of the China Public Relations Association and the China Society of Emergency Management, Ping An and the China Social Assistance Foundation took the lead in launching the 1 N government-enterprise collaboration model for emergency management in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province. Ping An volunteer emergency rescue team was established and used Ping An's accumulated experience in such elds as disaster prevention and mitigation and overseas rescue to provide government, enterprises and residents with standardised disaster prevention and mitigation services such as risk screening, emergency drills, risk education, and insurance protection. At the same time, the team built a comprehensive disaster reduction demonstration community and took more public welfare actions for disaster prevention and reduction to further guide and mobilises the public to participate in emergency management, have greater awareness of disaster prevention and reduction, master basic rst aid skills, improve self-help and mutual rescue capabilities, thus build a solid people's defense line for disaster prevention, mitigation and relief. Ping An Emergency Volunteer Services Since its establishment in 2018, Ping An Volunteers Association has continuously expanded the size of the team and actively expanded the service areas. Volunteers devote themselves to assuming CSR in a systematic, regular, professional and targeted manner. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Volunteer Association has set up branches in 20 regions across China, covering 27 subsidiaries of the Group. Meanwhile, with the San Cun Hui online public welfare platform, Ping An provided channels of mutual aid for the public, and a total of 3, 554 public welfare activities around us events were launched. As of the end of December 2022, the total number of registered users of the platform reached 3. 46 million, among which 571, 515 were Ping An employees and agent volunteers. Under the leadership of the Related Party Transaction Control and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Board of Directors, Ping An actively implements various requirements for the protection of consumers rights and interests and integrates consumer rights protection into its corporate governance. Ping An continuously improves the internal audit mechanism for the protection of consumers rights and interests, actively implements relevant requirements and work accordingly. Ping An fosters the culture that emphasises the protection of consumers rights and interests internally and externally. Internally, Ping An has deepened the building of a fair and honest culture regarding the protection of consumers rights and interests through various means, such as establishing a daily reporting mechanism, building a platform for cross-region experience sharing, holding regular management exchange seminars, and conducting targeted training. At the same time, Ping An has formulated compulsory courses and conducted related training on the protection of consumers rights and interests for all new employees to convey a correct concept in this regard. Externally, Ping An actively carries out various thematic publicity to popularize basic nancial knowledge and improve the literacy of nancial consumers. Under the initiative, various nancial knowledge publicity activities were organized for communities and campuses in conjunction with the government and the police, so as to spread relevant knowledge on preventing and combating nancial crimes and insurance fraud to the public, and to build a defense line of nancial security. Ping An Guardian Initiative - anti-fraud publicity by Ping An Life jointly with the policePing An Sustainability Report 2022 52OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An Guardian Initiative In 2022, Ping An Fund Management organized 315 International Consumer Rights Publicity Week, Anti-money Laundering Publicity Month, Financial Knowledge Popularization Month and others, and distributed 34, 010 original physical investment education products, building an investor communication channel integrating online live streaming o ine communication, of which the online live streaming courses received 3. 5 million views and obtained positive feedback. Financial knowledge popularization Ping An Puhui comprehensively upgraded the C Maintenance Action, mobilised front-line employees of all branches and agencies across the country, and jointly carried out online and o ine nancial anti-fraud publicity activities with public security, supervision, community and street units to further strengthened the public's awareness of preventing nancial fraud risks. As of the end of 2022, the o ine Guardian Action activities covered more than 190 cities with more than 920 activities carried out in total. More than 80 of the activities were held in collaboration with the police anti-fraud centers, consumer associations, media and other authoritative organizations. More than 30, 000 employees became volunteers for consumer protection and provided nancial protection for more than millions of new urban citizens. In terms of online nancial knowledge popularization, Ping An Puhui cooperated with Nandu Big Data Research Institute, China Europe International Business School and other authoritative institutions for many years to leverage the advantages of digital technology and online nancial education to spread nancial knowledge through online channels in innovative ways. Relevant publicity materials were read more than 440 million times and anti-fraud videos were played 5 million times. At the same time, Ping An Securities has developed various forms of investor education publicity materials, such as cartoons, pictures and texts, animations, micro- lms, and posters. The activities are publicised through clients, WeChat and the o cial website of Ping An Securities Investor Education Base, covering more than 10 million investors. Investor education activities In 2022, Ping An Trust actively practised the concept of nance for people and education rst. Ping An Trust constantly develops new digital nancial publicity modes to improve the quality and e ciency of nancial education, thus guiding nancial consumers to develop the concept of rational investment and risk prevention. In 2022, Ping An Trust's nancial publicity work was recognized and awarded the title of Excellent Organization Unit of Shenzhen Financial Publicity Activities in 2022 by the Shenzhen O ce of China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission. Pingxinerlun joint learning and building lectures to improve the quality and e ciency of nancial education Ping An Trust held Pingxinerlun joint learning and building lecture Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 53OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An's age-friendly service model Ping An is actively exploring the ageing-friendly service model for its elderly customers, and is protecting the needs of elderly customers through technological innovation and service care. With a focus on and in active response to customer demands, Ping An sets up multiple communication channels to deliver e cient and high-quality services. Ping An expands channels for complaints in the process of complaint acceptance, setting up complaint entries on the o cial website, sales systems, WeChat public account, etc. In addition, a dedicated consumer rights hotline 4001666333 has been launched, equipped with professional customer agent team for 24 7 service, to quickly respond and resolve consumer consultations and complaints with professional and reasonable solutions. By the end of 2022, the dedicated consumer rights hotline had got connected with 25. 14 million calls, averaging 68, 896 daily, with the connection rate at 99. 3. Speci cally, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance designates online exclusive managers for customers to help answer and handle problems encountered to avoid any inconvenience, provides a self-service claim settlement channel, vehicle repair reservation, loss assessment within required time limit and other services that would help save customers time, establishes an one-hour complaint resolution mechanism to shorten customers waiting time, creating the most convenient service covering the whole process. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance also integrates premium industrial resources based on the vehicle service platform to save money for customers while ensuring maintenance quality. Ping An actively explores service models and caters for elderly users through technological innovation and caring services Improving Customer Service Experience Install corner protectors for counters, set specialized rest area with wheelchairs, walking sticks, presbyopic glasses and medicine box to create a warm service environment for the elderly. Personalized counters Set up specialized service hotline which enables elderly customers over 60 years old to get connected to the dedicated human customer service by calling 95511. The online calling service platform organizes all sta to learn relevant excellent cases and scripts, so as to improve the telephone service experience of elderly customers. Adaptive APPPing An Sustainability Report 2022 54OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix In 2022, Ping An Health organized 11 training sessions on customer service soft skills in June, September and November for sta in customer service hotline 1, customer service hotline 2 and the outbound calling centers. Di erent training courses were prepared for di erent customer service groups, including basic service awareness training for new employees, advanced service awareness and communication skills training for senior employees. The training helped to improve the overall service capability and quality of Ping An Health s customer service teams. Customer service soft skill training of Ping An HealthPing An Sustainability Report 2022 55OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Customer service soft skill training of Ping An Health 3, 000The number of Ping An Life outlets nationwide exceeds 300 citiesCover more thanTo further expand the scope of insurance services, Ping An has continued to optimize its network layout over the years, deepen and broaden the network rollout. By the end of December 2022, the number of Ping An Life outlets nationwide has exceeded 3, 000, covering more than 300 cities, reaching out to cities, towns and customers. At the same time, in order to solve the challenges faced by customers in remote areas in terms of handling over-the-counter business, underwriting insurance business and paying insurance claims, Ping An has actively developed online service tools such as smart customer service, intelligent underwriting and ash claims to ensure the timeliness and quality of insurance services. Enhancing the accessibility of insurance services by sticking to the principle of providing people-centered nancial services Regarding employees as the most valuable assets, Ping An insists on the management mission of a career plan, joyful work and easy life to maximise the value of all employees. We have formulated and strictly followed policies such as the Policy Statement on Employee Rights of Ping An Group to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees, and create a just, fair, harmonious, and healthy workplace. Through a comprehensive system for training and caring agents, Ping An strives to build an agent team with high-quality, high-performance and high output. Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents Ping An insists on the people-center philosophy and respects, and actively protects the rights and interests of each employee. The Group is committed to creating a harmonious and inclusive work environment and always adheres to the one Ping An principle, promoting equality and diversity within the Group, ensuring equal opportunities for employees in recruitment, remuneration, bene ts, promotion and other employment matters, while avoiding child labor and forced labor, and not interfering with employees' rights to participate in legitimate associations or form associations. Once identi ed, such misconducts will be recti ed or disciplined in a strict manner. Employees Rights and InterestsEmployee Development and Welfare Ping An provides diversity, equality, and inclusiveness-related training to all employees, o ering courses such as Why Diverse Teams are Important for Organizational Success, Women's Growth Series, and Managing Cross-Cultural Teams to enhance employees' awareness of diversity, equality, and inclusiveness. Under the principle of work-based distribution, scienti c salary management is carried out in conjunction with employee performance appraisals to motivate employees to continuously improve their personal capabilities and grow with the company. At the same time, in order to encourage core personnel to serve the Company on a long-term basis and to establish a sound long-term incentive and discipline mechanism, Ping An has implemented a core personnel shareholding plan and a long-term service plan, details of which are set out in the Corporate Governance - Compensation and Incentive Mechanism section of this report. With the themes of Being the Tiebreaker in the Digital Era and Customer Marketing in the Digital Era, the program aims to develop senior managers' ability to lead digitally as a grip to empower digital transformation and help upgrade and break through marketing concepts and capabilities. A total of 352 senior managers attended and successfully Digitalization camp to management sta Ping An Group provides continuous and targeted training for employees at various levels during onboarding, promotion and potential progression. In 2022, the platform covered nearly 40, 000 people. Training system for key talents In 2022, in order to further improve the Group's existing training system and strengthen the relevance of job-speci c professional courses, Ping An invited business experts and experts in course construction to design and produce professional course systems for 22 key positions through o ine workshops, covering various job sequences such as marketing, technology and operations, e ectively complementing and upgrading the existing course system. At the same time, Ping An upgraded the resources of the position-specialized courses, sorting out the existing resources and introducing more than 300 new high-quality professional courses, bringing the total number of resources to nearly 1, 200, covering professional courses, professional cases, methods and tools to help employees better adapt to job requirements and complete their jobs. Position-specialized course systemcompleted the program, with participants accumulating nearly 7, 000 hours of learning. Through a selection of 52 Harvard classic courses case studies, 10 Harvard professors' live classes and business seminars, a learning interaction dual-driven community was built to e ectively connect cross-line business practices and We will broaden our thinking to better identify breakthroughs in business innovation. Focusing on the Group's development needs, Ping An has continuously enriched and improved its talent selection criteria and management system, established a diversi ed talent introduction and internal training mechanism, and stockpiled the best industry leaders and high-potential talents for the Group by both internal training and external attraction. Ping An organizes annual talent reviews and regular performance evaluation for key positions, setting up multiple assessment dimensions such as performance results, ability dimensions and development potential to ensure fair and e cient talent selection. In terms of talent appointment, Ping An adheres to the results-oriented approach and enables moving up and down, providing diversi ed promotion channels and implementing a tiered rotation scheme to build a broad stage for employees to give full play to their self-worth. Through online and o ine training and courses recommended by reference to performance, smart technology analysis, and leaders' opinions, we customise courses for employees with more extensive knowledge to meet the diversi ed growth demands of employees. In 2022, training hours per employee averaged 40. 8 hours. Meanwhile, the Group also actively cooperated with universities and other educational institutions to develop education and training programs, working with over 50 universities to provide more professional and comprehensive learning and training resources for our sta. By the end of 2022, Ping An Financial Education and Training Center had developed 77, 000 internal and external courses with a total annual attendance of over 44. 54 million, and delivered 844 sessions of various face-to-face and live streaming training sessions to a total of 127, 000 employees throughout the country. In addition, Ping An supports all employees to participate in professional skill and certi cation examinations that meet business needs. In addition to welfare such as commercial insurance, high-end medical health insurance, periodic physical examination, discount on products, and the Employee Assistance Program (EAP), we have set up a health management platform for online diagnosis and hospital registration to prevent occupational diseases and safeguard the physical and mental health of employees in an all-round way. In addition, we have included occupational health and safety-related issues in our training courses, set up emergency management plans and conducted annual re safety drills to raise employees' safety awareness and safeguard their occupational health and safety. At the end of 2022, Ping An Group had 17 projects certi ed under the WELL Health and Safety Rating Code (WELL HSR). Employee Care and Communication Ping An respects and cares for its female employees and disadvantaged groups, and strictly complies with national regulations and local government requirements to actively implement parental leave, breastfeeding leave and maternity leave to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees, sets up corresponding nursing facilities and childcare places in o ces to provide convenience for breastfeeding employees, and provides training courses on female themes, including female workplace growth series, mandatory courses on female health and prevention of maternal and infant diseases. This year, we invited an external third-party professional organization to conduct a satisfaction and NPS survey of all our employees based on the satisfaction and net recommendation value (NPS) model in terms of their job satisfaction, job ful llment, willingness to recommend peace of mind and job perception. The results of the survey showed that the overall employee satisfaction score was 85 and the e ective response rate of the questionnaire was 95. Ping An provides all employees with a variety of complaint and feedback channels, such as communication from superiors, communication from HR departments and trade unions, hotlines and emails. It also ensures that employees are aware of relevant information through publicity and training activities, and collects and assesses employee complaints regarding career development, rights and bene ts, in order to protect employees' rights to freedom of expression and speech. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 58OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 59OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 610 in RMB millionCumulative investment in agent development and training in 2022Ping An Group adheres to the sustainable development path, resolutely promotes the high-quality transformation and structural optimization of agents, provides diversi ed training to empower agents, o ers a variety of welfare and care, protects the legal rights and interests of agents, cares for their physical and mental health, enhances their sense of belonging and identi cation with the insurance business, and strives to build a high-quality, high-performance and high output team of agents. Ping An Life has invested RMB 610 million in training, with o ine training covering 8. 2 million participants and online training covering 52. 25 million person times. In order to build agents' professionalism and enhance their sense of belonging and identity to the insurance business, Ping An has focused on the core group of Talent, top performers and supervisors, continuously optimized the training curriculum, enriched the faculty and upgraded the Task Self-learning dual-driven learning platform, providing centralised face-to-face teaching, dual-teacher classroom and remote decentralised learning modes to support agents' diversi ed and multi-scene learning and help them transform into a high-quality team. Meanwhile, an internal external certi cation system has been introduced, including Ping An Certi cation for Health Service Marketing Ambassador, Ping An Certi cation for Excellent Manager (PCAL), and six certi cations for high performers, to empower and certify agents. In addition, we also provide nancial support for agents to encourage them to acquire certi cates and become a leading agent in the life insurance industry. Agent Development and Training Sticking to the people-centered concept, Ping An Group focuses on the sustainable development and cultivation of agents. In addition, Ping An provides humanistic care for agents and safeguards their rights and interests, so as to enhance their sense of belonging and identity in the insurance industry. In addition, we provide communication channels for agents to express their opinions and demands, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of agents to express themselves freely. In 2022, Ping An Group optimized its agent recruitment process and upgraded its new recruit training allowance policy to increase the number of agents and enhance their quality development. Since the second half of the year, we have been providing new agents with a stipend and exclusive policy support and rewards at all stages of their career development to help them retain and develop in a high-quality manner. At the same time, Ping An provides a number of welfare bene ts, including four basic bene ts, a pension fund, a long-term service award, and a care plan for senior department managers. Agent Welfare and Care Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 60OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 30, 000 scientistsOver 4, 500 46, 077Number of technology patent applications Number of patent in ntech, digital health, arti cial intelligence Ranked 1st globallyWith high-quality development driven by digitalization, Ping An focuses on the transformation and upgrading of main businesses, and made sales promotion, e ciency improvement, and risk control through technology-driven nancial services. Technology-driven Sustainable Development Ping An continues to focus on developing core technologies and securing proprietary intellectual property rights. Ping An s technology patent applications increased by 7, 657 from the beginning of 2022 to 46, 077 as of December 31, 2022, which ranked rst globally by the number of ntech, digital healthcare and AI patent applications for two years. While continuously investing in R&D to build leading technological capabilities, Ping An actively participates in various global contests and has received international recognition in sensing technology and AI. Moreover, Ping An has been named to the IDC FinTech Rankings Top 100 (2018-2022) for ve years and Forbes Blockchain 50 for two years, and has won many awards for AI and technology innovation. Ping An Property & Casualty DRS 2. 0 and Ping An Bank's Wise Eye Platform for Auditand Supervision won the second prize in the People's Bank of China's 2021 Financial Technology Development Award. Technical Inputs and Outputs IT engineers 12, 000 disease symptomsThe robot integrates information on 170, 000 drug instructions 500, 000 pieces of hospital information With an accuracy over 95 Technology-driven Financial Services Ping An widely utilises the leading technological capabilities to empower its main nancial businesses and continues to promote technological empowerment to increase e ciency, cut costs and improve customer experience. Meanwhile, Ping An provides customers with a variety of products and services with advanced technologies. Ping An Life Insurance of China applies technologies including optical character recognition (OCR), natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning to assist information identi cation and case review in the underwriting and claims review processes. With these engines and technologies, Ping An Life can identify the underwriting risk of nearly 1, 600 diseases, and review medical insurance claims against more than 1, 500 diseases. In comparison with the traditional model, underwriting e ciency increased nearly 30, and claim e ciency rose nearly 20, which drastically reduced user waiting times. The model enables agents to conduct online remote interactions with customers and give virtual reality-based immersive interactive explanations. The model also enables o ine audio-video and dynamic graph-based explanations. Jin Guan Jia App provides users with wider access to service bene ts and personalized service bene ts. Lufax Holding cooperates with nancial product providers and builds a technology-powered smart business framework, using AI to match customers with products and meeting the diverse product needs of our customers. Ping An continuously implements the Healthy China strategy and comprehensively promotes the construction of a medical care ecosystem. By enhancing medical R&D and building a leading platform for remote diagnosis and treatment, we e ectively support the sustainable development of the healthcare ecosystem by building technological capabilities in a forward-looking manner. By the end of December 2022, Ping An has over 50, 000 in-house doctors and contracted external doctors, and had partnered with over 10, 000 hospitals (including all top 100 hospitals and 3A hospitals), over 100, 000 healthcare management institutions and approximately 224, 000 pharmacies. Ping An continuously improves the quality of online medical services through medical teams AI-enabled medical treatment, and we use AI technology to direct patients to appropriate medical services and improve e ciency. The medical assistance platform was upgraded to help doctors give patients guidance, collect medical records and disease information, diagnose, issue prescriptions, give solutions, and generate structured electronic medical records, which signi cantly improves the working e ciency of doctors. At present, the project has covered 3, 000 common diseases in 26 hospital departments, and answers 100, 000 inquiries per day with the accuracy of diagnostic recommendations reaching over 95, improving doctors e ciency by about 40. Technology-driven Managed Care In 2022, Ping An applies the human machine model to provide the public with 24 7 COVID-19 consulting services, as well as professional diagnosis and consultation concerning TCM conditioning, lung disease and children protection. The robot integrates information on 12, 000 disease symptoms, 170, 000 drug instructions, more than 1, 000 kinds of common health examination and testing, and 500, 000 pieces of hospital information, with an accuracy of over 95. Ping An provides professional medical consulting servicesPing An Sustainability Report 2022 61OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An developed the Ping An Group's Policy Statement on Sustainable Supply Chains, and Detailed Measures for Management of Procurement Business Suppliers to establish a thorough supplier management system with a focus on its business development and demands. We integrated ESG requirements into the closed supply chain management, from selection & veri cation, management & integrity to tracking & feedback. Ping An focuses on its suppliers ESG performance in aspects of environmental protection, employee rights and interests, and risk management. Ping An adds ESG requirements to existing supplier contracts, including information security and privacy protection, low-carbon and green technology transformation and development, labor rights protection and employee development. In addition, we put forward anti-corruption requirements for our partners, including contractors and suppliers. In 2022, 98. 2 of our partners had signed the Integrity Statement. In addition, Ping An e ciently improves its ESG performance in product quality, job skills, compliance management, and employees' rights and interests by actively carrying out supplier communications and training. In 2022, our ESG training sessions covered 100 of suppliers. Sustainable Supply Chains 5, 631Ping An partner suppliers 98. 2 100 Supplier ESG training coverageSigning rate of the Integrity StatementTechnology-driven Low-carbon Trans- formation Ping An leverages the leading technological capabilities to build an ESG management platform, which e ectively improves ESG management. In 2022, Ping An and FTSE Russell jointly launched the FTSE Ping An China ESG Index Series, which combines CN-ESG Smart Evaluation System data and FTSE Russell s leading China benchmarks. The index series helps global investors assess the ESG opportunities and risks of Chinese companies and improves the development of ESG investment in China. Ping An is committed to establishing win-win and long-term mutually bene cial cooperation relationships with its suppliers. Ping An has continuously optimized procurement services, timely ful lled its payment agreements, and proactively promoted higher sustainable development levels in its suppliers. Net pro ts attributable to the parent company reached RMB 83, 774 million. Ping An strictly follows applicable laws and regulations, such as the Company Law of the People s Republic of China and the Securities Law of the People s Republic of China, and carries out corporate governance according to the Group s actual conditions. After more than 30 years of practice, Ping An has formed a clear board positioning, a professional board composition, a standardised operating process, and a board culture focused on value creation, ensuring the Group s long-term, stable and rapid development. As of the end of 2022, we had 3 female Board members in the Group, accounting for 20. The nomination and appointment of the Board members are based on the skills and experience required for the overall operation of the Board of Directors and take full account of the Board diversity, so as to ensure that the members of the Board of Directors have the knowledge and professional experience necessary to perform their duties. At the same time, we continue to provide training for the members of the Board of Directors, covering a variety of areas, including risk management, anti-corruption, digital transformation, information security, climate risk management, climate information disclosure, sustainable nance and other sustainable development-related issues. Our information disclosure fully complies with the standards of authenticity, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and fairness, and has been well received by the market and investors. In addition, by establishing an e cient investor relationship management mechanism, we protect the interests of shareholders, formulate a reasonable dividend policy, and take into account the interests of independent minority shareholders. The purpose of the Company's remuneration policy is to attract, retain and motivate talent and to support the achievement of the Company's business objectives; the principles of the remuneration policy are clear orientation, performance motivation, market re ection and reasonable cost. The remuneration package of the Company's employees includes basic remuneration, performance-based remuneration, welfare income and allowances. Among them, basic remuneration is determined based on the value of the position, market level, etc. performance remuneration is linked to the overall operation of the Company and individual performance, etc. welfare income and allowances are implemented with reference to relevant national regulations and industry standards; the speci c structure and strategic arrangements among the remuneration portfolio are adjusted and optimized in accordance with the market and the Company's business development needs. The Board diversity and training Protect Shareholders Rights and Interests 65OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 20 Percentage of female board directors 101, 136Salary and Incentive MechanismThe performance-based payment for senior executives and key personnel is implemented via a deferred payment system in strict compliance with regulatory requirements. In order to leverage the motivation of performance-based payment in daily operation and management and to ensure that salary incentive matches risk-adjusted performance, Ping An has established salary recourse mechanism for senior executives and key personnel, which helps prevent aggressive business conducts and violation of laws and regulations, and promotes prudent operation and sustainable development. Deferred Payment and Recourse Mechanism Since the key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan took e ect, the Group has been operating steadily with shareholders, with the Group and its employees sharing collective interests and risks. These plans strongly guarantee further improvement in the Group s governance structure, establish better long-term incentives and restrictions, and promote long, sustainable, and healthy development. The participants in the two plans include directors, employee representative supervisors, and senior managers of the Group and its subsidiaries. By the end of December 2022, the key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan had covered 101, 136 employees. Key Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Long-Term Service Plan 2As of the end of 2022, among the Board of Directors, Mr. Ouyang Hui (independent non-executive director) served as the Managing Director of UBS AG, Managing Director of Nomura Securities, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Lehman Brothers, and has nearly 20 years of experience in the nancial sector. Mr. Ng Sing Yip (Independent Non-executive Director) served as a Crown Counsel in the Attorney General s Chambers in Hong Kong and served as an Assistant Group Legal Consultant, a Deputy Head of the Legal and Compliance Department, and the Head of Legal and Compliance in Asia Paci c of HSBC Bank and has over 35 years of experience in corporate governance. Mr. Ng Kong Ping Albert (Independent Non-executive Director) served as the Chairman of Ernst & Young China, Managing Partner of Ernst & Young in Greater China and a member of The EY Global Executive and has more than 30 years of experience in risk management, internal control and nancial accounting. Number of employees participating in key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan Antitrust and Fair Competition Ping An follows antitrust laws and regulations, strictly reviews all M&A transactions, and conducts centralised declaration of business operators in accordance with the law. Strict regulation on charitable donations and sponsorship ensure that fair business competition will not be threatened by relevant donations and supportive actions. Ping An reviews the legality and compliance of M&A and other commercial transactions by just and fair assessment. Intellectual Property Protection Ping An emphasises intellectual property rights to ensure that technological innovation can be e ectively and e ciently transformed into practical applications to create value. In case of any intellectual property disputes, Ping An will immediately start the investigation and make sure our and others intellectual property rights are under protection and respect. Ping An strictly follows the laws and regulations on anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism nancing, and sanctions compliance, improves the internal control system and working mechanism, and strengthens control procedures and measures. Meanwhile, Ping An also strengthens data governance, information system construction, and training promotion, and sets up anti-money laundering internal review and audit, performance appraisal, and reward and punishment mechanisms. By developing an intelligent anti-money laundering platform, Ping An improves its overall risk control capability. Ping An ensures supplier employees welfare and protection through the Supplier Management Measures for Procurement Business and other systems. At the same time, Ping An follows the principles of openness, impartiality, fairness, and e ciency in the procurement process, including bidding, bid evaluation and complaint handling. Ping An has issued the Business Code of Conduct of Ping An Group and the Employee s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group and implemented the Policy Statement on Responsible Product Management of Ping An Group, thus keep improving the management practice from perspectives including corporate business ethics, employees business behaviors and responsible product. Furthermore, internal control departments of the Group and subsidiaries perform annual internal audit on the implementation of the Business Code of Conduct of Ping An Group and the Employee s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group that scopes in all Ping An s main businesses. In addition to complying with industrial and local laws & regulations, Ping An has developed rules and regulations that apply to all subsidiaries, suppliers and partners. Tax Policy Ping An always keeps in mind the business principle of Honesty and law-abiding, Regulations 1, and rigorously follows the requirements of laws and regulations. The Group also strengthens tax risk prevention and builds up a tax management team as well as improving the internal risk control of taxation. OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Anti-corruption Ping An has severely cracked down on all kinds of commercial bribery and corruption, including commercial bribery for any purpose, such as seeking competitive advantage or obtaining business opportunities, breaching or accepting kickbacks, encroaching on, stealing, defrauding or otherwise illegally possessing funds, property and business opportunities of companies or related parties, as well as fraud or bene t tunnelling. These documents and circulars comprehensively standardise the guiding principles, objectives, division of responsibilities and requirements for combating corruption and upholding integrity, and elaborate the list of wrongdoings, punishment standards and accountability processes. Ping An carries out various anti-corruption trainings, including case-based caution and online short courses to build an integrity culture and raise anti-corruption awareness among employees. The coverage rate of anti-corruption education for all sta is 100, covering all employees and contractors. Petition and Whistle-blowing Management Ping An has developed the Whistle-blowing Management Procedure, and appointed the Group Inspection and Discipline O ce as the respondent entity. The petition and whistleblowing management department deal with the cases in a legal, objective, fair, and prompt manner. The department also coordinates investigation work with other departments and promotes the e ective and reasonable conduct of petition work. Additionally, the petition and whistleblowing management requires the special protection and con dentiality of petitioners and protects the legitimate interests of the petitioners in case of retaliation. In 2022, the veri cation rate of petition and reporting of Ping An was 100. 100 The coverage of integrity culture and anti-corruption trainingComplaint Feedback ChannelsPing An constantly pays attention to employees business ethics by formulating systematic management policies, such as Employee s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group, Administrative Measures for Employee Con ict of Interest and Anti-fraud System. The Employee s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group provides guidelines for employees to support the compliance and robust operation of the Group, which is applicable to all employees and contractors. The 12 Bans of prohibitive norms include criminal o ences, insider trading, mis-spelling, bribery and graft, in uence peddling, misfeasance and fraud, transfer of interest, secret leakage, infringement of reputation, system sabotage, sexual harassment, and other serious violations. In addition, violation of remuneration regulations or distribution schemes, false attendance records, assistance in providing false attendance records and other internal violations are also included. cn 67OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Employee s Code of Conduct As a responsible enterprise, Ping An keeps standardising sales and publicity actions. We actively and fully ful l the obligation of information disclosure, and truthfully explains to consumers the nature of products and services, main risks, fees and charges and main terms and conditions of the contract. Meanwhile, the content of external promotional content should be reviewed so that they are legally quali ed, ensuring responsible publicity. Ping An also actively initiates consumer-oriented nancial knowledge education activities and organizes regular nancial knowledge training on consumer rights and obligations, the obligations of nancial institutions, and the protection of consumer rights as social welfare events. Product sales and publicityPing An provides a wide range of products and services, including insurance, banking, asset management, and technology. Responsible Products In terms of governance, Ping An has the Group s Board of Directors as the highest governing body for product and service responsibilities and authorises the Personal Finance Committee as the direct regulatory body responsible for products and services. At the executive level, the Group Operation Risk Management Department and Group ESG O ce are responsible for organising, coordinating, supervising, and directing subsidiaries product departments to implement product responsibilities and standardise management in the product and service life cycle to e ectively avoid ESG-related risks. Management structureProduct development We require all subsidiaries to set up a normative and rigorous product development process to reduce the likelihood of product and service risks occurring at the source. Each subsidiary must comply with and protect the basic rights of consumers, such as the right to property security, the right to know, and the right to independent choice. With full understanding and compliance with relevant regulations and systems, each subsidiary should evaluate and review product policies, systems, business rules, fee pricing, terms of agreement and promotional texts, and analyse possible risks in advance to promote risk control measures. Each member company established a consumer complaint management system and assigned personnel to take charge of post-sales service management, providing consumers and other relevant parties with customer communication and feedback channels, such as website mobile customer service, email and hotline, and ensuring all channels are functionally well. Meanwhile, each subsidiary clearly informs customers of the communication channels through product contracts, product introduction materials, and other similar materials. Customers can obtain product and service-related information or request assistance about products and services through relevant channels, and subsidiaries are required to make compensations within the prescribed limit time. Product post-sales service Based on the Risk of Mass Complaints Management Approach and the principles of Uni ed Leadership, Comprehensive Coordination; Integrated Management, Hierarchical Responsibility; Compartmentalisation combined, Territorial based; Be prepared, Prevention rst; Quick Response, Decisively handling, a leading group on mass complaints prevention and emergency management is established as a permanent part of group, which conducts a mass complaints risk review and reports every six months, handling relevant issues according to the group s Signi cant Emergency Handling Guideline as necessary. Emergency handling 68OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 93 Coverage rate of operations certi cated by the ISO IEC 27001 Information security management systemPing An resolutely abides by national laws, regulations, and industry norms, and we always strictly implement our information security policies in line with the highest standards to support information. Information Security and AI Governance Information Security Ping An Technology Information Security Management System Certi cation 6 Trusted Cloud Service Certi cations cloud hosting service assessment, object storage service assessment, cloud database service assessment, cloud hosting security assessment, cloud computing risk management capability assessment, and trusted nancial cloud (banking class) service assessment CSA STAR Cloud Security Certi cation ITSS Cloud Computing Service Competency Assessment Level 2 Certi cation (Private Cloud)ISO 20000 IT Service Management System Certi cation ISO 22301 Business Continuity Management System Certi cation ISO IEC 27001 Information Security Management System Certi cation ISO IEC 27017 Cloud Services Information Security Management System Certi cation ISO IEC 27018 Cloud Privacy Data Protection System Certi cation The Level 4 Classi ed Protection of CybersecurityBy the end of December 2022, Ping An Technology has obtained the following information security management system certi cations Ping An constantly improves its information security management system to ensure the con dentiality, integrity, and availability of information. Meanwhile, Ping An has proactive and reactive defense measures to identify and resolve information security risks in a timely manner. In terms of information security management structure and system, Ping An has the Group Co-CEO as the highest responsible person and implements the discussion and management of information security through the Technology Development Committee under the Group Executive Committee. Ping An's Information Security Department under the Group s Technology Development Committee coordinates all information security-related work. It utilises three sub-departments to ensure e ective implementation of the relevant regulations. Meanwhile, Ping An has developed Policy Statement on Information Security of Ping An Group and pledges to establish and implement high information security standards. The Group has formulated and implemented the Information Security Management Regulations and related implementation rules, which clarify the management requirements and implementation guidelines in various aspects such as information security principle, information security strategy, information security speci cation, asset security speci cation, authorisation speci cation, authentication speci cation, application system development speci cation, personal information protection speci cation, data lifecycle security management speci cation, third-party service security management speci cation and content security speci cation, which covers all modules of business development across the Group, employees of all departments of Ping An Group and its member companies, and third-party personnel who have access to information assets. In terms of information security management system, Ping An conducts annual management system reviews and revisions and continuously improves the IT risk management and technology system in accordance with various IT risk management standards and leading practice requirements. Meanwhile, Ping An conducts comprehensive internal and external information security audits separately at least once a year to ensure the e ective implementation of information security management. In 2022, the Group completed annual information security audits for subsidiaries and important third-party outsourcers, covering key areas such as data security, personal information protection and third-party service security, which conducted over 100 audit projects in total. In terms of information security management certi cation, Ping An has obtained the ISO 27001 certi cation on information security management systems for many years in order to operate the information security system e ectively and stably. OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 In terms of information security management measures, Ping An has established an e cient early warning linkage mechanism, and adopted a combination of proactive and reactive defense measures to maintain system information security. In 2022, Ping An formulated Network Security Incident Response Drill Guide and completed 43 information security drills for major attack scenarios and 1 business continuity emergency drill for important information security systems jointly with subsidiaries, e ectively consolidating the Group's emergency response capability for information security. The Group conducts quarterly security tests of website to identify and repair potential security vulnerabilities in time to protect operations of information systems and data security Ping An organizes several penetration testing events that simulate hacker attacks every year. Various technical methods, including connection management, access right testing, and authorisation escalation and removal, are used to analyse potential vulnerabilities and scenarios that may be exploited by hackers. The testing results enable Ping An to make improvements for any high-risk items, and to take appropriate reinforcement measures for information security enhancement Ping An also accepts reports of vulnerability via the Group s public Security Response Center (Chinese only) and valuable reports are rewardedEstablish a set of closed-loop processing mechanisms from vulnerability warnings dispatch to the completion of a timely response to avoid internet security vulnerabilities from being exploited and reduce risk exposure Based on multiple data centers, the continuity system of o -site disaster recovery co-location dual-active is established, and disaster recovery drills are organized every year to verify the organizational structure and contingency plans for disaster recovery through drills to ensure a stable and available disaster recovery environment Develop and implement Information Security Incident Emergency Response Management and Data Security Emergency Response Plan, and conduct the information security emergency drill at Proactive defense measuresReactive defense measuresA combination of proactive and reactive information security management measures A combination of proactive and reactive information security management measures 70OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 In terms of supplier information security management, Ping An upholds the core principle of maintaining sensitive data within Ping An, and has developed management systems such as the Supplier Information Security Management System of Ping An Group, which divides suppliers into di erent categories and levels to adopt di erent information security control measures accordingly. It covers the full lifecycle of cooperation with suppliers to ensure the compliance of suppliers information security management and reduce the supplier cooperation information security risks. Supplier information security management measures Supplier information security management measures Pre-Cooperation During-Cooperation Post-CooperationSign information security agreements and con dentiality agreements with partner organizations and related personnel involved in accessing or handling Ping An s data to ensure that third parties are aware of and committed to complying with Ping An's information security management requirements Assess whether the supplier and its products or solutions meet the information security requirements Conduct information security audits and ensure suppliers delete and destroy company s data in a timely mannerConduct supplier information security risk monitoring, use big data to monitor negative information security information and regulatory compliance of suppliers, and monitor supplier information security risks from external dynamics The Group's information security team supports business departments to conduct information security assessments on suppliers, and requires suppliers with scores lower than required to rectify within the speci ed period under the guidance of experts to ensure that information security risks are controllable during the cooperation process 71OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Target group Training requirements Information Security Training Requirements In 2022, Ping An provided more than 50 information security training and education sessions for all employees and related third-party personnel, covering terminal security and data security. In October 2022, Ping An conducted the Group's Information Security Enhancement Month with the theme of Promote action with knowledge, build security together for all employees and relevant third-party personnel, including the interpretation of regulatory requirements, good practice sharing of information security for employees, information security knowledge quiz. In promoting the development of information security in the industry, Ping An Trust released the Information Security White Paper (2022), which was the rst in the trust industry. This report analysed the pain points in the industry's information security construction and shared the experience of Ping An Trust in information security planning, system and practice. Ping An Trust released Information Security White Paper (2022)Information Security Enhancement Month In terms of enhancing information security awareness and capabilities, we provide topic-based training to all employees and third-party personnel with access to asset data every year. The purpose is to further enhance their awareness and ability in protecting information and data security. All employees All third-party personnel (including contractors) with access to information assetsAttend the information security training and pass the exam before opening the temporary account of information system, and continue to meet the information security training requirements of employees after passing the exam, otherwise they cannot access any information system of Ping AnNew employees must complete information security training within three months of joining Complete at least one information security training per yearPing An follows the ve ethical principles of people-orientated, human-governed, safety and controllability, fairness and justice, openness and transparency. Ping An sets clear ethical requirements covering data use, algorithm research, and industry application, continuing to improve the AI governance framework. Ping An sets up an AI Ethics Management Committee which is responsible for identifying the direction of AI ethics policy while ensuring fairness and justice in the process of product development as well as the implementation of information security and privacy protection during the provision of products and services and exploring optimized management methods for AI ethics problems in the practical project application. Governance on AI Ethics People orientatedHuman governed Fairness and JusticeOpenness and TransparencyAfety and ControllabilityFive principles of AI ethics 72OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Our TCFD Report06Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 Ping An actively responds to the challenges and opportunities arising from climate change. Relying on its integrated nance, Ping An plays green nance adequately and pushes forward green operations to take e ective measures for green development, therefore, supporting China's e orts towards carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. Meanwhile, we launched a carbon inventory to measure our carbon emissions from our operation, so as to build a low-carbon roadmap to achieve the carbon neutrality goal. Ping An has de ned a four-level governance structure led by the Board of Directors to supervise and manage climate change and carbon neutrality and established a governance mechanism for climate-related issues at all levels. Governance StrategyPing An Sustainability Report 2022 74OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Risk Identi cation Risk TypeClimate Risk FactorsRisk CategoriesRisk ExampleTime HorizonBusiness Segments InvolvedExtent of In uence Climate disasters may cause physical losses to the physical assets in the a ected areas, resulting in asset impairment. Higher standards for energy use in buildings may increase investment in renovation for the purposes of energy conservation and environmental protection. Climate change leads to business loss of speci c clients. If the government issues new policies to support low-carbon transition, high-emission economic activities will be under pressure, and low-carbon industries may bene t from the move. The policies may have a positive or negative impact on the business of speci c clients. Emerging low-carbon technologies rapidly take over the market, while the development of clients in traditional sectors is hindered. Physical risksClimate disasters Climate change New economic policies on low-carbon transition Emerging low-carbon technologies Price uctuation in carbon market Higher environmental standards Concerns of investors Operational risk Long term Long term Long termMedium to long term Medium to long term Medium to long term Medium to long termThe whole Group The whole Group The whole GroupBanking, asset management, etc. Signi cant Signi cant Signi cantMinor Medium Medium MediumCredit risk Credit risk, market risk, etc. Transition risksPing An Sustainability Report 2022 75OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Opportunity Factor Description Potential Financial Impacts Time Horizon The introduction of policies on carbon neutrality, clean energy, and environmental protection subsidies drives green nancial businesses and markets, which is conducive to exploring new markets and businesses. By promoting energy-saving technology, purchasing and generating green electricity, and recycling resources, companies continue to promote the concept of green operation to improve resource and energy e ciency, and reduce operating costs. Companies can provide green nance services such as green bonds, green equity nancing and green asset-backed securities to support clients low-carbon transition. Companies can seise the opportunities of the increasing market value of xed assets by actively constructing green buildings and obtaining green building certi cation. Market opportunitiesLong term Long termMedium-term Medium-termEntering new markets Increasing operating revenueDiversifying nancial assets Increasing operating revenue Enhancing corporate reputationIncreasing business demands for products and services Raising the value of xed assets (e. g., infrastructure, energy-e cient buildings) Lowering operating costs Increasing operating revenue Diversifying nancial assetsRaising the value of xed assets (e. g., infrastructure, energy-e cient buildings)Products and services Resource e ciency ResilienceOpportunity Identi cationPing An Sustainability Report 2022 76OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix NGFS scenarios have been generated by 3 mature integrated assessment models (IAMs) including REMIND-MAgPIE. Among these IAMs, REMIND (Regional Model of Investment and Development) is an energy-economy general equilibrium model linking a macroeconomic growth model with a bottom-up engineering-based energy system model. The scenarios combine macroeconomic agriculture and land use, energy system, water and climate system into a common numerical model, making it possible to analyse the complex and non-linear dynamics within and between these components. REMIND forecasts carbon dioxide emissions and various climate change-related factors (such as regional energy consumption) in 12 regions, including China, and provides estimated values for each 5-year period. In 2022, we explored three NGFS climate scenarios, including Nationally determined contributions (NDCs) under Hothouse world, Below 2 C under Orderly, and Divergent net zero under Disorderly. Conditional national development plans published by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change which was committed before the end of March 2022, are fully implemented, however, such global e orts are insu cient to halt signi cant global warmingClimate policies are introduced early and become gradually more stringent, and emission-reduction technologies are fully exploited. By 2060, China's total CO2 emissions are predicted to approach the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. Governments fail to coordinate climate policy stringency across sectors, and decarbonisation progress of transportation and buildings sectors is quicker than that of energy supply sectors and industries, which results in a higher cost. Transition Type Hothouse World Orderly Disorderly Climate Scenario Policy ambitionPolicy reactionTechnology changeCarbon dioxide removalRegional policy variationNDCs2. 6 CNDCsSlow changeLow and medium useMedium variationBelow 2 C1. 6 CImmediate and smoothModerate changeMedium and high useLow variationDivergent net zero 1. 4 CImmediate but divergentFast changeLow and medium useMedium variation Scenario description Climate risk level High physical risks High transition risks Low physical risks, Low transition risksClimate Scenario AnalysisPing An Sustainability Report 2022 77OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Process for managing climate risksGuided by the TCFD framework, Ping An incorporates climate-related risks into the ESG risk management of the Group and establishes a sound management process. Risk Management Identifying and describing climate risk factors which a ect each business segments from the dimensions of physical risk and transition risk, and summarising corresponding risk categories. Implementing regular reporting on clmate risks to ensure that the Board and management sta are kept informed of the targets, plans, implementation, and process of climate risk management to improve the e ectiveness of climate risk management. Assessment2 Control3 Reporting4 Identi cation1 3 DRS 2. 0 is a digital risk analysis and risk control service system in physical space developed by Ping An, which uses innovative technologies such as numerical simulation, machine learning and satellite remote sensing monitoring to achieve prediction and early warning of natural disasters. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 78OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Metrics and Targets 4Scope 1 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from combustion of energy sources, such as natural gas, gasoline and diesel. The emission factors are from the Guidelines for the Preparation of Provincial GHG Inventory (Trial ) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the General Rules for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020) issued by the Standardization Administration. Scope 2 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from purchased electricity. The emission factors are based on the national grid emission factor (0. 5810 tCO 2 MWh) provided in the Guidelines on enterprises greenhouse gas emissions accounting and reporting Power generation facilities issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2022. 6Scope 3 emissions are carbon emissions from business paper consumption and employee traveling, where the emission factors are adopted from the China Product Whole Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emission Factor Set (2022) published by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment. The carbon emissions disclosure of Ping An's 35 self-owned properties from the public areas were added. Metric Unit 2022 2021 2020 Operation Self-owned property7 GHG emissions data tCO2e tCO2e 326, 669. 88 0. 952, 775. 8085, 731. 1588, 506. 956, 121. 76 376, 336. 092, 114. 51478, 287. 47 Scope 1 direct GHG emissions4 Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions 5 Scope 3 others (paper consumption and employee traveling 6) Total GHG emissions GHG emissions per capita Scope 1 direct GHG emissions Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions Total GHG emissionstCO2e tCO2e person tCO2e tCO2e tCO2etCO2e2, 818. 15 285, 890. 98 37, 960. 75 428, 994. 85 1. 21---530, 299. 411. 47---46, 537 49, 897. 43Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 79OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 8 The roadmap to carbon neutrality across operations is prepared on the basis of the NDC scenario, where the ambition of each country's climate policy remains is in line with the current level of NDC. The main assumption is that there will be no signi - cant change in the scale of business activities and operating sites within the boundaries of the carbon inventory of operations from 2023 to 2030, that is, carbon emissions will remain consistent with that of 2022 between 2023 and 2030. Ping An mainly operates its business in commercial areas and o ces, and the emissions generated from its operation are mainly from energy consumption in the workplace. Our measures include (1) Energy conservation. Therefore, our goal is that 100 of our electricity consumption in our operations will be from renewable energy (the proportion excluding that of renewable energy used by power grids). On the basis of emission reduction, we invest in green assets and purchase emission rights to o set carbon emissions that are unavoidable, ultimately achieving carbon neutrality across our operations by 2030. In terms of energy saving, we keep improving our energy consumption system, updating air conditioning, lighting and other facilities, gradually increasing energy e ciency and decreasing electricity consumption in workplaces and data centers, thus reducing carbon emissions in our operations. In response to the green operation policy of the Group, Ping An Life proactively implements green operation. Paperless operations reduce the carbon footprint of a piece of policy Scan to learn more about Ping An's achievements in green operationsScan to learn about the carbon footprint of a piece of policy 95 Received Green Operational Innovation SolutionsIn 2022, Ping An organized the innovation contest of green operation, which includes two separate contests, namely corporate operation and public innovation. The competition was held to encourage subsidiaries to develop appropriate goals, strategies and actions in emission reduction and to reduce energy consumption in a reasonable range. The competition also called on all employees to participate in energy saving and make suggestions for achieving carbon neutrality. In this competition, 20 subsidiaries participated in the corporate operation contest. The public innovation contest attracted nearly 400 participants in groups, who o ered 95 innovative plans for green operation, covering elds such as operation e ciency improvement, green operation driven by scienti c and technological innovation, workplace recycling and green o ce. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 81OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Green Buildings Ping An always holds the concept of green development which is people-oriented and actively promotes the green and low-carbon development of urban ecology, improving the quality of urban environment and living standards. Meanwhile, as the rst nancial data center with Power Usage E ectiveness (PUE) lower than 1. 25 in China, Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Center also achieved the LEED Gold certi cation in 2022. Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Center project won the Technology Achievement Award 19Number of domestic and international green building certi cations obtained for Ping An projects Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Center Won the First prize of 2022 Data Center Science Technology Achievement Award Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 82OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Annual Key Performance Business Performance Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Total assets (in RMB million ) 10, 142, 026 9, 527, 870 Total inc ome (in RMB million) 1, 180, 444 1, 218, 315 Oper ating pr o t (in RMB million) 168, 479 155, 670 Net pro ts attributable to the parent company (in RMB million) 101, 618 143, 099 Annual dividend per shar e (in RMB) 2. 38 2. 20 Earnin gs per shar e (in RMB) 5. 77 8. 10 Total tax paid (in RMB million) 111, 416 103, 576 Solvency adequac y ratio of the Gr oup ( ) 233. 5 236. 40 Total investment size of insurance funds (in RMB trillion)3. 92 3. 74 Annu alized return on in vestment ( ) 4. 6 5. 1 Annualized total return ( ) 4. 0 6. 211, 137, 168 1, 110, 568 172, 910 83, 774 2. 42 4. 80 115, 478 217. 6 4. 37 4. 7 2. 5Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 83OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Corporate Governance Composition of 2022 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee (person) Gender and Age Composition of 2022 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee( )Boar d of Dir ectors Superv isory Committ ee IndicatorExecutive Director(s)Non-e xecutiv e Director(s)Indepen dent non-executive Director(s)TotalExternal Super visor( s)Shareholder Representative Supervisor( s)Emplo yee Repr esentative Superv isor(s)Total Headcount 5 4 6 15 3 0 2 5 Boar d of Dir ectors Superv isory Committ ee By gen der By age By gen der By age Indicator Male Female Under 30 31-50 Above 50 Male Female Under 30 31-50 Above 50 Percentage 80 20 0 20 80 80 20 0 20 80 Compliance and Risk Management Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Complia nce and int ernal c ontrol awareness r aising activitie s coverage ( ) 100 100 100 Risk ma nagement sta tr aining c overage( ) 100 100 100Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 84OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Business Code of Conduct and Anti-Corruption Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Coverage rate of anti-corruption education ( ) Coverage rate of trainings on anti-money laundering ( )Number of non-compliance cases related to money launderingNumber of anti-corruption activities (times)Number of anti-corruption trainings (times)Attendance of anti-corruption trainings (ten thousand)Recti cation rate of issues identi ed in annual audit ( )Veri cation rate of complaints received ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 0 0 0 4, 569 3, 445 2, 088 34 20 - 1, 054 560 312 99 96 79 100 100 100Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 85OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Environmental Performance Resource consumption and GHG emissions 1. Compared with 2021, carbon emission measurement in 2022 is optimized in terms of organizational boundaries, operational boundaries and statistical methods. The details are as follows 2. Gasoline usage is newly disclosed compared to 2021 for the use of gasoline in the workplace operation's own eet and in real estate owned properties. The new scope of disclosure for diesel fuel use compared to 2021 is the use of diesel fuel in real estate owned properties. Electricity consumption per capita includes workplace electricity consumption and data centers electricity consumption. Notes Indic ator 2022 2021 2020 GHG emissions (Ope ration) Scope 1 dir ect (tC O2e) 2, 818. 15 6, 121. 76 2, 114. 51 Scope 2 indir ect (tC O2e) 285, 890. 98 376, 336. 09 478, 287. 47 37, 960. 75 46, 537 49, 897. 43 Total G HG emissions (tC O2e) 326, 669. 88 428, 994. 85 530, 299 GHG emissions per capita (tC O2e person) 0. 95 1. 21 1. 47 GHG emissions (Self-o wned pr operty) Scope 1 dir ect (tC O2e) 2, 775. 80 - - Scope 2 indir ect (tC O2e) 85, 731. 15 - - Total G HG emissions (tC O2e) 88, 506. 95 - - Direct energy consumption Natural gas-t otal (M Petrol-total (Lit ers)3) 1, 417, 769 11, 2073, 053, 842 - -1, 068, 243 Diesel-total (Lit ers) 42, 260 5, 772 4, 243 Indirect ener gy consumption Electricity c onsumption-w orkplac e (KWh) 409, 469, 567 513, 94 6, 880 527, 951, 472 Electricity c onsumption-da ta centers (K Wh) 82, 597, 520 102, 896, 415 21, 804, 243 Water consumptio n Water consumption-t otal (T ons) 4, 228, 191 5, 088, 73 3 26, 831, 408 Water consumption-per capita (T on person) 12. 28 14. 29 74. 20 Solid w aste Solid w aste produc ed (T ons) 196, 864 210, 773 331, 125 Total paper c onsumption (T ons) 1, 559 1, 631 6, 764(1) Scope 1 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from combustion of energy sources, such as natural gas, gasoline and diesel. The emission factors are from the Guidelines for the Preparation of Provincial GHG Inventory (Trial ) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the General Rules for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020) issued by the Standardization Administration. Scope 2 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from purchased electricity. The emission factors are based on the national grid emission factor (0. 5810 tCO2 MWh) provided in the Guidelines on enterprises greenhouse gas emissions accounting and reporting Power generation facilities issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2022. Scope 3 emissions are carbon emissions from business paper consumption and employee traveling, where the emission factors are adopted from the China Product Whole Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emission Factor Set (2022) published by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment. The carbon emissions disclosure of Ping An's 35 self-owned properties from the public areas were added. Scope 3 paper consumption and employee traveling (tC O2e) Electricity c onsumption-pe r capita (K Wh person) 1, 429. 50 1, 732. 79 1, 520. 23 Electricity c onsumption-Se lf-owned pr operty(K Wh) 147, 557, 919 - -Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 86OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Social PerformanceGreen Buildings Employee Composition Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Total n umber of Emplo yees (pe rson) 344, 223 355, 982 361, 600 By GenderMale (person) 182, 332 186, 54 9 Female ( person) 173, 650 175, 051 By AgeUnde r 30 (person) 169, 929 194, 035 30-50 (person) 180, 182 162, 322 Above 50 (person) 5, 871 5, 243 By RegionChinese mainland (person ) - - Other regio ns (person) - -- By Busin essInsur ance (per son) 189, 305 - Banki ng (person) 40, 651 - Asset Management ( person ) 12, 838 - Technology (person) 113, 188 - - By EducationDoctorate or master's degree ( person) 27, 512 27, 409 Bachelor's degree (person) 192, 912 192, 444 College degree ( person) 120, 153 124, 499 Others (person) 15, 405 17, 212 Other category Number of o verseas employe es (pe rson)170, 554 173, 669 134, 166 201, 147 8, 910 343, 447 776 170, 053 44, 207 19, 651 93, 680 16, 632 29, 179 193, 042 105, 568 16, 434 497 553 424 Senior management Number of senior managementNumber of senior manage ment 9 10 Numbe r of female senior manage ment 3 3 Numbe r of male senior manageme nt 611 3 8 7Indic ator 2022 Green Bu ildingsNumber of gr een buil dings 19 Area of gr een buildings (M2) 2, 506, 476 Life Insurance Agents (thousand people) 429 613 1, 022. 4Others (person)Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 87OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Employee Turnover Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Emplo yee A ctive Turnover Ra te By G ende rMale ( ) Female ( ) By A ge 30 y ears old ( ) 30-50 y ears old ( ) 50 y ears old ( ) By Re gionChinese mainland ( ) Other regions ( ) Emplo yee Compensa tion a nd motiv ation Total c orporate annuity pa yments for the y ear (hundr ed million ) 11. 21 10. 02 9. 72 Number of employees participating in key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan (pers on)101, 136 204, 696 222, 506 187, 45289, 304 37, 947 Compensa tion ( Ex clude Senior Management )( in RMB ) 196, 131 - By G ende rAverage c ompensa tion of male empl oyees ( in RMB )215, 435 244, 311 Average c ompe nsation of female employees ( in RMB )176, 329 202, 31228 31 27 41 18 15 28 3427 29 26 36 17 10 - -33 34 32 41 19 16 --Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 88OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Employee Trainings Employee Health and SafetyIndicator 2022 2021 2020 Total Cove rage Ra te of F ace-to-Face and Online T raining ( ) 99. 46 99. 54 - By G ende rMale ( ) 99. 56 99. 73 - Female ( ) 99. 36 99. 33 - By LevelSenior managers ( ) 96. 96 94. 82 - Others ( ) 99. 56 99. 62 - Average hours of tr ainings per employe e (hours ) 40. 80 28. 54 33. 19 By G ende rMale (hours ) 40. 04 26. 39 - Female ( hours) 41. 68 30. 81 - By LevelSenior managers ( hours) 46. 41 37. 89 - Others ( hours) 40. 78 27. 72 - Indicator 2022 Number of w ork-related fatalities (person) 6 Rate of w ork-related fatalities ( ) 0. 002 Number of lost days due t o work related injuries ( days) 817. 52021 5 0. 001 -2020 0 0 -Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 89OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Customer Service Information Security and AI GovernanceCustomer Service Performance Table Information Security and AI Governance Performance Table Indic ator 2022 Number of informa tion leak s or other netw ork security incidents 0 Information security e valuation sc ore (point) 92 Average per-capita hours of informa tion security tr ainings for e mplo yees(hours) 18. 5 Cove rage rate of cust omers priv acy polic y informed ( ) 100 Cove rage rate of da ta contr ol servic es pr ovided t o cust omers (incl uding pers onal da ta access, correction, de letion etc.) ( ) 100 Cove rage rate of the acce ss to priv acy informa tion authoriz ed b y cust omers ( ) 100 Cove rage rate of cust omers' ac cess to informa tion disclosur e policies ( ) 100 Information security policie s and frequenc y of s ystem audits (IT audit fr equenc y) (time s year) 1 Cove rage rate of informa tion security tr ainings for employe es ( ) 100Indic ator 2022 2021 2020 NPS ( )Ping An Group 55 47 48 Ping An Property & Casualty 75 72 70 Ping An Life 43 43 41 Ping An Health 38 51 49 Ping An Annuity 63 61 69 Ping An Bank 60 54 45 Ping An Securities 49 47 38Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 90OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Supply Chain Performance Number of Suppliers Public Welfare Performance Ping An Rural Communities Supporting ProgramESG Performance of SuppliersIndic ator 2022 2021 2020 Number of suppliers 5, 631 6, 408 7, 400 By regionChinese mainland 5, 559 - - Other regions 72 - - Indic ator 2022 Number of suppliers appr oved in the Selection and Audit pr ocess section after audit (unit) 8, 840 Average sc ore of supplier assessment (100-point scale ) (poin t) 72. 99 Total n umber of suppliers elimin ated (unit) 127 Number of suppliers participa ting in ESG r elated tr ainings (u nit) 5, 631 Cove rage rate of ESG r elated tr ainings for suppliers ( ) 100 Rural Communities Support ProgramIndic ator 2022 Village O c erIndustrial revitalization assistance funds of the year (in RMB 100 million) 353. 03 Cumulative funding for poverty alleviation and industrial revitalization (in RMB 100 million) 771. 53 Participants in the Prosperity Champions training program (person) 80, 000 Sales of products for rural revitalization with Ping An assistance (in RMB million ) 184 Village D octorNumber of the mobile medical checkups (times) 8 Health public welfare services covered (person-times) 1, 150 Village Teacher37. 337 3, 592Live lectures of scene masters of Science and Technology Literacy Improvement Program for Teenagers covered (million person times) Total volunteer teaching hours (hours)Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 91OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Patent and R&D Patent and R&D PerformanceVolunteer ServiceIndic ator 2022 Number of joint Party building points 442 Number of rur al revitaliza tion cards issued 110, 000 Total a mount of rur al revitaliz ation loan (in RMB 100 million) 692. 54 Indic ator 2022 San Cun Hui public welfare platformCumulative number of registers at the platform (ten thousand people) 346 Cumulative number of public welfare activities around us events (events) 3, 554 Volunteer Servic eNumber of volunteers from employees and agents of Ping An (person) 571, 515 Cumulative number of volunteer events organized by the Ping An Guardian Initiative (events) 13, 000 Number of regions covered by volunteer association branches (regions) 20 Number of subsidiaries covered by volunteer association branches (subsidiaries) 27 Indic ator 2022 Total n umber of annual pa tent applica tions (it em) 7, 657 Cumula tive number of pa tent applica tions (it em) 46, 077Rural Areas Support ProgramPing An Sustainability Report 2022 92OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Investment and Responsible Banking Responsible Investment Responsible Investment and Financing 1, 793, 248 Green Investment and Financing 282, 363 Equity 101, 506 Bond 120, 228 Financial Pr oduct s 60, 628 Inclusive Investment and Financing 33, 444 Equit y 763 Bond 29, 462 Financial Pr oduct s 3, 220 Social Investment and Financing 1, 477, 441 Equit y 440, 530 Bond 638, 619 Financial Pr oduc ts 398, 292Respon sible Investme nt (In surance Fu nds) 804, 714 Green Investme nt 108, 103 Equit y 42, 927 Bond 43, 711 Financial Pr oduc ts 21, 466 Inclusive Investme nt 8, 170 Equit y 514 Bond 4, 437 Financ ial Products 3, 220 Social Investment 688, 440 Equity 219, 892 Bond 305, 4 77 Financial P roduc ts 163, 071 ( 1 ) The estimation scope of responsible investment and nancing covers all nancial products that the Group (except banks) that participated as issuers and investors. Insurance funds include the insurance funds of Ping An Life, Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Annuity and Ping An Health Insurance. Green investment and nancing refer to the types of projects, such as green nancing, green mutual funds, green building, and green assets, encouraged by the Asset Management Association of China s (AMAC) Green Investment Guideline. Inclusive investment and nancing include supporting small and micro businesses, businesses related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, rural revitalization and shanty town transformation. Notes (in RMB million) Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 93OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Banking Performance (as of December 31, 2022) Sustainable Insurance Sustainable Insurance Performance (as of December 31, 2022)(1) Green banking covers green credit, green bonds, green trust, green leases, green asset securitisation, etc. Social banking covers infrastructure construction, elderly care and health care, education and culture, rural revitalization, shanty town transformation, etc. Inclusive banking covers supporting small and micro businesses, businesses related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, etc. Notes (1) According to the Green Insurance Statistics System issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, green insurance covers three aspects 1) coverage against ESG risks. Social insurance includes liability insurance (such as work safety insurance and food safety insurance), medical insurance and critical illness insurance. Inclusion insurance mainly includes insurance for agriculture, rural areas and rural residents, insurance for vulnerable groups and insurance for small and micro enterprises. Notes Indic ator Green Insurance Social In surance Inclusiv e Insur ance Premium income (in RMB million) 25, 105 490, 951 29, 492 Insured amount (in RMB million) 176, 931, 602 535, 408, 482 144, 911, 316 (in RMB million) Total Responsible Banking 1, 097, 667 Green Ba nking 182, 089 Green Credit 116, 420 Other Green Banking 65, 669 Inclusiv e Banking 653, 427 Inclusiv e Loans 636, 371 Other Inclusiv e Financin g 17, 056 Social Banking 262, 151Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 94OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Statement of the Board of Directors Ping An attaches great importance to environmental, social and governance, and actively ful lls corporate social responsibility to help meet people's expectation for a better life. Oversight of ESG issuesPing An integrates sustainable development into its development strategies and establishes a scienti c and professional sustainable development management system and a clear and transparent ESG governance structure. The Sustainable Development Committee under the Executive Committee is the management for the ESG issues, and it is responsible for guiding the management of ESG issues, such as green nance and rural revitalization, and the external communication and publicity concerning sustainable development. ESG Management Policy and StrategyBased on the external social and economic macro environment and the corporate development strategy, Ping An ESG management team dynamically assesses the importance of ESG issues, discusses and determines risks and opportunities in terms of environmental, social and corporate governance, and integrates the management and improvement of important issues into annual sustainability strategy. In addition, Ping An has incorporated ESG management strategy into the business system. During the year, the Board reviewed the Group's Five-Year Sustainable Development Plan and was briefed on the work of the Group's green nance, rural revitalization and other ESG priorities. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 95OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Independent Third-Party Assurance Report Independent Assurance Report To the Board of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, ltd (the Board of Directors ) Responsibilities of the Board of DirectorsWe have been engaged by the Boards of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, ltd (hereafter PING AN ) to perform a limited assurance engagement on the information disclosed in Ping An 2022 Sustainability Report (hereafter the Sustainability Report') for the nancial period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. The Board of Directors is responsible for the completion and presentation (including reporting guidelines, limitations, reporting data and relevant identi cation procedures) of the Report compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by reference to GRI Standards of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The Board of Directors is also responsible for determining the objectives in respect of sustainability performance and reporting, including identi cation of stakeholders and material issues that are relevant to these stakeholders; establishing and maintaining appropriate performance management and internal control systems from which the reported performance information is derived; and maintaining adequate records. We maintains a comprehensive system of quality control applying International Standard on Quality Control 1. Basis of Our Work We conducted our work in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Federation of Accountants. We planned and performed our engagement to obtain all the information and evidence which we considered necessary to form conclusions. Procedures, Scopes and Limitations of Our Work Our procedures performed included interviewing with PING AN's personnel responsible for collecting, compiling and reporting the information, analyzing the information obtained, and other procedures relevant to the collection of the appropriate evidences. Speci cally we Interviewed relevant staff responsible for providing the underlying data for the selected information, to understand the procedure of identifying stakeholders and material issues, including relevant internal control procedures. Reviewed data and supporting documents to understand the coverage of those identified material issues and how it is implemented at a corporate level. Insured amount-Social Insurance Responsible Banking Performance Responsible Banking Performance-Green Banking Responsible Banking Performance-Inclusive Banking Responsible Banking Performance-Social Banking Our Conclusions Based on our work performed, nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to believe that there is any material misstatement related to the Subject Matter in the Sustainability Report. We only performed above assurance work at Shenzhen and Shanghai headquarters of PING AN, not including any branches and subsidiaries, we did not interview with external stakeholders. Moreover, the scope of this work does not include historical comparative data and nancial data. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 97OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix List of Green Building and Healthy-Safety Building Certi cationName o f certi ed pr oject Name o f Certi ca tion Nort h Tower of Shenzhen Ping An Fina ncial Ce nter LEED pla tinum c erti cation, Three-Star Certi cate of Gr een Bui lding Label Shenzhen Pin g An Finan cial Ce nter South T ower LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Shenzhen Pin g An Finan cial Ce nter WELL HSR c erti cation Chengdu Ping An Financia l Center LEED Gold Ce rti cation, WELL HSR Ce rti cation Hang zhou Pin g An Finan cial Ce nter LEED Gold Ce rti cation, WELL HSR Ce rti cation Wuhan Ping A n Financi al Cent er LEED Gold Ce rti cation, WELL HSR Ce rti cation Jinan Ping An Financial Ce nter LEED go ld certi ca tion, Three-Star Ce rti cate of Green Buil ding Label Tianjin Ping'an Teda Financi al Center LEED gold certi cation, Two-Star Ce rti cate of Green Bui lding Labe l Beijing Fengke Cent er LEED gold certi cation, Two-Star Ce rti cate of Green Bui lding Labe l Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Cent er LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Lize Ping An Fina ncial Ce nter LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Shenzhen Pin g An Property In surance Buildin g LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Shang hai Pin g'an Bin jiang Fin ancial Center LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Building 3 4 5, Ent erprise World LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Tongxiang Yaohua Int ernational Sc hool Phase I T eaching Buildin g LEED comme rcial indoor gold c erti ca tion Tongxiang Yaohua Int ernational Sc hool Phase I Le arning Ce nter LEED comme rcial indoor gold c erti ca tion Block A, Liz e Ping An Financi al Center WELL HS R certi cation, T wo-Star Certi cate of Gr een Bui lding Label Block B, Lize Ping An Fin ancial Center WELL HSR c erti cation China Ping An Oper ation Manageme nt Ce nter (Zh angjiang Su pport Cent er) WELL HSR c erti cation Beijing Pin g'an Building WELL HSR c erti cation Beijing Pin g An International Fina ncial Ce nter WELL HSR c erti cation Chengdu Ping'an Wealth Building WELL HSR c erti cation Shang hai Jin g'an Plaza (incl uding Jing'an No. 8 apar tment) WELL HSR c erti cation Shang hai Pin g An Wealth Building WELL HSR c erti cation Shang hai Pin g'an Bu ilding WELL HSR c erti cation Shen yang P ing An Wealth Cent er WELL HSR c erti cation Suzhou Ping An Wealth Center WELL HSR c erti cation China Ping An Financial Bu ilding WELL HSR c erti cation Chongqin g Ping An Wealth Cent er WELL HSR c erti cation Building 3, National Support Man agement Ce nter of China Ping A n Group Two-star Certi cate of Green Bui lding Label Ping An Financia l Building, Guangzh ou International Fin ance City One-star Ce rti cate of Green Buil ding Label Sanya Marriott Re sort & Spa Golden Leaf Gr een T ourism Hot elPing An Sustainability Report 2022 98OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Indicator Index GRI S tandar dsHKEX ESG Reporting Gu ide Descriptio n Page number (s) and or explanations General Disclosures 2-1 Organiza tional details Opening (Abo ut this Report)2-2 Entities included in the organization s sustainability reporting 2-3 Report ing pe riod, frequenc y and c ontac t point 2-4 Restatements of information 2-5 External assurance Appendix (Inde pendent Third-Party Ass urance Repo rt) 2-6 General DisclosureB5 Activities, value c hain and o ther bus iness relationshipsSustainable Ope rations and Co mmuni ty (Sustainable Supply Chains ) 2-7 KPI B1. 1 Employees Appendix (Annual K ey Performanc e) 2-8 Workers who are not employeesSustainabl e Ope rations and Co mmunity (D evelopment and Welfare of Empl oyees and A gents, Sus tainable Supply Chai ns) 2-9 Governance structure and compo sition Refer to Annual Report2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 2-11 Chair o f the highe st go vernanc e body 2-12 Role o f the highe st gove rnanc e body in ove rseeing t he manageme nt of impac ts 2-13 Delegation of responsibilit y for managing impacts 2-14 Role o f the highe st gove rnanc e body in sustainabi lity reporting Appendi x (Statement o f the Board of Directors) 2-15 Con icts of interest Refer to Annual Repor t 2-16 Communic ation of critical c oncerns Appendix (S tatement o f the Board of Directors) 2-17 Collectiv e kno wledge of the highe st gove rnanc e body Sustai nable Gove rnanc e (Corp orate Go vernanc e) 2-18 Evaluation o f the performanc e of the highest gove rnanc e bodyRefer to Annual Repo rt 2-19 Remuner ation po licies Sustai nable Gove rnanc e (Corporate Governanc e) 2-20 Process to determine remuner ation Refer to Annual Repo rt 2-22 Statement on sustainabl e developme nt st rategy Appendix (S tatement o f the Board of Directors) 2-23 Policy commitme nts Sustainable Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code of Conduct) 2-24 Embedding poli cy commitme nts Sustai nable De velopment S trategy Management 2-25 Processes to remedia te negative impact s Sustainabl e Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code of Conduct) 2-26 Mechanis ms fo r seeking advi ce and r aising c oncerns 2-28 Members hip assoc iations Opening (Annual A wards and Re cognition)Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 99OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix GRI S tandar dsHKEX ESG Reporting Gu ide Descriptio n Page number (s) and or explanations 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engage mentSustainable Development Strategy Manage ment (Stakeholder Engagement) FN-AC-330a. Percentage of gende r and r acial ethnic group representation of (1) executi ve manage ment, (2) no n-executive manage ment, (3) professionals, and (4) all ot her emplo yees Appendi x (Annual Key Performanc e) FN-AC- 410a. Amount of assets under manageme nt, by ass et class, tha t emplo y (1) int egration of environmental, social and governanc e (ESG) iss ues, (2 ) sustainabili ty theme d investing and (3) screening Material topic s 3-1 Process to determine ma terial topicsSustai nable De velopment S trategy Management (Ma teriality Assessment)3-2 List of material topics Economic P erforman ce 3-3 Manageme nt of material topics Sustai nable De velopment S trategy Management 201-1 Direct economic value ge nerated and di stributedOpening (Annual Performanc e Review for Sustainabl e Development) 201-2 General Disclosure A4 KPI A4. 1 FN-CB-55 0a. Number and (2) amount of loans outstanding quali ed to programs de signed to promote small bus iness and c ommunity developmentSustainable Busin ess (Resp onsible In vesting) Market Presen ce 3-3 Manageme nt of material topics Sustai nable De velopment S trategy Management Indir ect Economic Impa cts 3-3 Manageme nt of material topicsSustai nable Bus iness (Responsible Investing, S ustainable Insurance, Resp onsible Banking, Responsible Product s) 203-1 KPI B8. 1 Infrastruc ture investments and se rvices suppor tedSustainabl e Business (Responsible Investing), Sust ainable Operations and Co mmunity (Rur al Revitalization and Communi ty Impact ) 203-2 Signi cant indir ect economic impac tsSustai nable Busi ness (Responsib le Investing, Sustainable Insurance), Sustai nable Oper ations and Co mmuni ty (Rural Revitalization and Co mmunity Impac t) FN-IN-4 10a. Descr iption of appr oach t o managi ng capital and l iquidity -related risks associa ted wi th systemic non-i nsurance activitiesPing An Sustainability Report 2022 100OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix GRI S tandar dsHKEX ESG Reporting Gu ide Descriptio n Page number (s) and or explanations FN-CB-4 10a. Descriptio n of appr oach t o incorporation of environmental, social and gove rnanc e (ESG) f actors in credit anal ysisSustainable Busin ess (Resp onsible In vesting, Sustainabl e Insurance, Responsible Banki ng) FN-AC- 410a. Descriptio n of appr oach t o incorporation of environmental, social, and gove rnanc e (ESG) factors in i nvestme nt and or wealth manage ment pr ocesses and st rategies Sustainable Busin ess (Resp onsible In vesting) FN-AC- 410a. Descriptio n of pr oxy voting and in vestee engage ment poli cies and pr ocedur es Anti-corruptio n 3-3 General Disclosure B7Manageme nt of ma terial topics Sustai nable Gove rnanc e (Bus iness Code of Co nduc t) 205-1 Oper ations assessed for ris ks related to corrupt ionSustainabl e Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code of Conduct), Appendi x (Annual Key Performanc e)205-2 KPI B7. 3KPI B7. 2 Communica tion and tr aining abo ut anti -corrupti on po licies and procedures KPI B7. 1 Numbe r of concluded l egal c ases regarding corrupt pr actices brought against the iss uer or it s empl oyees during the repor ting peri od and t he outcomes of the casesRefer to China Judgements Onli ne FN-CB-510a. Descriptio n of whist leblower policies and pr ocedures Sustainable Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code o f Conduct) Materials 3-3 General Disclosure A2 General Disclosure A3 KPI A 3. 1 Manageme nt of ma terial topics Our T CFD Repo rt (Our Measures to Reduc e Emiss ions) KPI A2. 5 Total pac kaging ma terial used fo r ni shed produc ts (in t onnes) and, if appli cable, with r eference to pe r unit pr oducedNot appl icable to the nanci al services o ered b y the Gr oup. Energy 3-3 General Disclosure A2 KPI A2. 3 General Disclosure A3 KPI A 3. 1 Manageme nt of ma terial topics Our T CFD Repo rt (Our Measures to Reduc e Emiss ions) 302-1 KPI A2. 1 Energy consumptio n wit hin the organization Appendi x (Annual Key Performanc e)302-2 Energy consumpti on o utside of the o rganiza tion 302-3 KPI A2. 1 Energy int ensity 302-4 Reduc tion of energy consumpti on FN-IN-4 10b. Net pr emiums written related to energy e ciency and lo w carbo n techno logySustai nable Busi ness (Sustainable Insurance) Water and E u ents 3-3 General Disclosure A2 KPI A2. 4 General Disclosure A3 KPI A3. 1Management of material topics Ping An's main operation is focused on the o ce workplace, and there is currently no issue with sourcing water. Numbe r of partic ipants in nanc ial literacy initiatives for unbank ed, under bank ed, o r unde rserved customersSustainable Ope rations and C ommuni ty (Consume r Protection and Exper ience, Rural Revitalization and Co mmunity Impact ) Supplier So cial Assessmen t 3-3 General Disclosure B5 Manageme nt of ma terial topics Sustai nable Oper ations and Co mmuni ty (Sustainable Suppl y Chai ns), Appendi x (Annual Key Performanc e)414-1 KPI B5. 2 KPI B5. 3New suppl iers that were screened us ing s ocial crit eria KPI B5. 1 Numbe r of suppliers by geo graphical regionPing An Sustainability Report 2022 103OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix GRI S tandar dsHKEX ESG Reporting Gu ide Descriptio n Page number (s) and or explanations Customer Health a nd Sa fety 3-3 General Disclosure B6 Manageme nt of ma terial topicsSustainable Ope rations and C ommuni ty (Consume r Protection and Exper ience), Sustainable Governanc e (Bus iness Code of Conduct ) KPI B6. 1 KPI B6. 4Percentage o f total pr oducts sold o r shippe d subje ct to recalls for safe ty and he alth reasons Descript ion of quality assurance process and r ecall procedures. Descriptio n of appr oach to informing cust omers about productsSustainable Ope rations and C ommunity (Consumer Protectio n and Exper ience), Sustainable Gove rnanc e (Bus iness Code of Conduct ) FN-IN-410b. Discuss ion of products and or pr oduct features that incentivize health, saf ety, and or environment ally responsible actio ns and or behaviorsSustai nable Busi ness (Sustainable Insurance, Re sponsible Product s) FN-AC-270a. Descriptio n of appr oach to informing cust omers about products and s ervicesSustainable Ope rations and C ommunity (Consumer Protectio n and Exper ience), Sustainable Gove rnanc e (Bus iness Code of Conduct ) Marketing and La belin g 3-3 General Disclosure B6 Manageme nt of ma terial topics Sustai nable Gove rnanc e (Bus iness Code of Co nduc t) KPI B6. 2 Numbe r of products and s ervice related complaints received and ho w the y are dealt wi thSustainabl e Ope rations and Co mmunity (Consume r Protection and Experienc e) KPI B6. 3Descriptio n of pr actices relating t o observing and pr otecting intellectual pr operty rightsSustainabl e Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code of Conduct) Customer Privacy 3-3 General Disclosure B6 KPI B6. 5FN-CB-230a. Manageme nt of ma terial topics; Descriptio n of appr oach to identify ing and addr essing da ta security risksSustai nable Oper ations and Co mmuni ty (Consume r Protection and Exper ience), Sustai nable Governanc e (Info rmation Se curity and AI Gove rnanc e)Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 104OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Feedback Thank y ou for y our support for the impr ove- ment of our c orpor ate sustainability pr actic- es. W e are looking forw ard to hearing y our feedback via email or phone call. cn Telephone 9551 1 In or der t o provide y ou and other stak eholders with professional and v aluable sustainability information and further impr ove the quality of our sustainability r eporting, please giv e us y our feedback and c omments r egar ding the questions in the feedback form belo w thr ough following channels By mail (Please write sustainability r eport feedback on the en velope.) By email (Please label the subject sustainability report feedback.) By Telephone Your information Name Position Fax Compan y Telephone Email Are you pleased with this r eport? Does this r eport pr ovide enough disclosur e regar ding the issues that y ou ar e interested in? Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 105OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix This report is prin ted on recycled paper 