The report introduces our sustainability philosophy and policies and our environmental protection, social responsibility, and corporate governance (hereinafter referred to as ESG ) performances in 2022, and highlights on how we responded to the expectations and concerns of our stakeholders. This report covers our business activities from 1 January to 31 December 2022, with some content from beyond this time span for continuity reasons. The information herein comes from internal data and relevant public information. Unless otherwise specified, all monetary figures shown in this SR are expressed in RMB (yuan). Unless otherwise specified, the data in this SR covers the data of Sinopec Corp. and its wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries. The Company's Board of Directors reviewed and approved this report on 24 March 2023. The report is available in Chinese and English versions, and the Chinese version shall prevail in case of any conflict or inconsistency. The report can be downloaded at the website http www. References This report includes certain forward-looking statements with respect to the results of our business operations and certain plans and conditions. All statements that address activities, events or developments that we expect will or may occur in the future, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and by their nature involve risk and uncertainty. This means that actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statement due to a number of factors and uncertainties. Disclaimer Letter from Chairman Board's Statement on ESG Governance About Us Recognition and Awards01 03 04 05 Environmental Performance Social PerformanceKey Performance 103 105103 Independent Assurance Report107 114 114 115HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index UNGC Ten Principles Index TCFD Index UNGC Advanced Level Criteria IndexReport Content Indexes 111111 Feedback 11607 Building a Solid Safety Defence Line 65 Safety Management System Production Safety Contractor Safety Occupational Health Logistics Safety Information Security Security67 69 70 71 74 75 76Sustainability Management Governance System Business Integrity and Operation Compliance Risk Management and Internal Control Technological Innovation Digital and Intelligent Development09 14 25 2817 24Corporate Governance 29Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents 77 Addressing Climate Change Climate Strategies and Actions Reducing GHG Emissions Promoting Energy Transition 31 37 43Respecting and Protecting Human Rights Human Capital Management Employee Training and Development Employee Care79 81 83 86 Protecting the Environment 49Fulfilling Social Responsibility Environmental Protection Management and Targets Water Resources Management Land Resource Management Control of Atmospheric Pollutants Solid Waste Management Prevention of Hydrocarbon Leakage Biodiversity Conservation51 54 57 57 59 61 62Contributing to Social Philanthropy Sustainable Supply Chain Community Communication and Engagement Product and Service Management Promoting Win-win Development of the Industry89 93 95 98 10287CONTENTS Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 01 02 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility measures to strengthen hazard inspection and rectification while increasing supervision on key links. These actions were instrumental in effectively reversing the negative situation. We strengthened the implementation of safety responsibilities, promoted the efficiency of the HSE system, and strengthened emergency management, thereby improving our emergency response capacity. By optimising the allocation of safety equipment and improving the working environment, we have consolidated the foundation of occupational health management, effectively ensuring the physical and mental well-being of our employees. Our performance in serving the Beijing Winter Olympic Games and the Winter Paralympic Games was highly recognised by all parties. We actively explored distinctive modes of rural revitalisation to promote industrial development with marketing support, boost revitalisation by industry, and enhance rural development through education. During the emergency rescue and disaster relief tasks, we always took promotive actions and donated funds and relief supplies. We further implemented public welfare and charity projects such as Spring Bud Gas Station Programme, Driver's Home Programme and Warm Stations Programme, and conducted international business with the concept of paying back to the local communities and contributing to the local economy, and continued to improve our image as a responsible international company. We are actively promoting the development of the domestic hydrogen energy industrial chain, ranking the first globally in terms of hydrogen refuelling stations in operation and under construction. Our business in wind power, photovoltaic, and other sectors also developing well, and our bio-jet fuel business has achieved large-scale production and application. We are committed to promoting carbon peaking and carbon neutrality in an integrated and orderly manner with the launching and implementation of the Action Plan for Carbon Dioxide Peaking Before 2030. Adhering to the principle of reducing carbon emissions of existing energy consumption, lowering carbon emissions of energy consumption increment, seeking zero carbon emissions, and developing carbon-negative technologies, we have completed and put into operation China's first million-tonne CCUS demonstration project. This achievement has made Sinopec Corp. a technology company with a complete carbon-related industrial chain. We have comprehensively strengthened our environmental compliance management, established a supervision mechanism for ecological and environmental protection, and conducted environmental compliance verification of construction projects. We promoted the protection and restoration of major ecosystems and launched the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest Project. We actively promoted digital transformation and enhanced the digitalisation and intelligentisation of our business via demonstration projects such as Industrial Internet. In response to the once-severe situation of safety production, we took decisive Letter from Chairman Dear Friends, On behalf of the Board of Sinopec Corp., I would like to express our sincere gratitude for your continued attention and support! Sustainable development is a golden key to addressing the current global challenges. ESG, as a tangible manifestation of a company's development philosophy at the micro-level, aligns closely with the Chinese government's fundamental principles of high-quality development and harmonious coexistence between man and nature. We have fully integrated environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations into our corporate operations and development strategies. In the past year, we have made significant progress in strengthening corporate governance, ensuring a secure and stable energy supply, promoting green and low-carbon development, driving technological innovation, enhancing safety management, and fulfilling social responsibility. The Board of Directors is wholly dedicated to enhancing strategic planning and has thoroughly deliberated and approved the Company's medium and long-term development plans. Our independent directors have carried out their duties and offered valuable suggestions for corporate reform and development. We have revised multiple governance policies to consolidate the institutional foundation for standardised governance and deepened the construction of internal control system to continuously improve its effectiveness. For the first time, we repurchased shares both domestically and overseas to increase our value and shareholder returns. We have formulated and implemented the Sinopec Medium and Long-term Talent Development Plan in the 14th Five-Year Plan Period to build a team of high-quality and professional talent. We have also increased investment in oil and gas exploration and production, achieving new domestic oil and Ma Yongsheng, Chairman March 24, 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 03 04 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Board's Statement on ESG GovernanceAbout UsThe Company's Board of Directors made the following statement in accordance with the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guidelines of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ). Sinopec Corp. is one of the largest integrated energy and chemical companies in China, with its business scope all over the world, mainly including oil and gas exploration and production, oil refining, oil sales and chemical industry. It is a large oil and gas and petrochemical product manufacturer in China and has a complete sales network of refined oil and chemical products in China. The Board of Directors is the highest responsibility and decision- making agency, bearing the ultimate responsibility for Sinopec Corp.'s ESG governance. The Sustainability Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing and deliberating the implementation and progress of the Company's sustainability and ESG strategies and plans; overseeing the commitments and performances of the Company on key ESG issues such as climate change, environmental protection and compliance management; overseeing key information regarding sustainability issues related to the Company's businesses and approving the Company's annual The Company attaches great importance to ESG management, adheres to the development concept of innovation, coordination, green, open, and sharing, and deeply implements development strategies of value-leading, market-oriented, innovation-driven, green and clean, open and cooperation, and talents to revitalise the enterprise. The Sustainability Committee regularly reviews the progress of the targets and reports it to the Board of Directors. Sinopec Corp.'s primary refining facilities are located in China. In 2022, Sinopec Corp. processed 242. 27 million tonnes of crude oil and produced 140. 15 million tonnes of refined oil products. Sinopec Corp.'s primary chemical production facilities are located in China, producing synthetic resin, synthetic fibre, synthetic rubber, basic organic chemicals and other petrochemical products. The only overseas projects include the Sibul project and the Amur project under construction. Sinopec Corp. is an important trader of crude oil in China, engaging in the international trade of crude oil, refined oil products and chemical products. As of the end of 2022, Sinopec Corp. had been granted 49, 852 patents cumulatively, of which 6, 289 were granted within the year. The Committee convenes at least once each year, and can hold ad hoc meetings when necessary. It also carries out materiality analysis by conducting stakeholder research and expert consultation, to identify key ESG issues for the Company's development, continuously optimise its ESG governance and risk control, and improve the overall ESG management level. the Company signs annual performance commitment documents with management staff and subsidiaries to integrate part of key ESG performance indicators as the KPIs for key management staff. ESG Governance StructureInvestor Relations Management and Stakeholder Engagement The Company establishes the Sustainability Committee under the Board and promotes the integration of ESG factors into corporate decisions by improving ESG top-level design, providing a solid foundation for the Company's sustainable development. In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and supervision rules of securities both home and abroad, Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to investor relations management, and formulates the Sinopec Management Regulations on Information Disclosure and Sinopec Management Regulations on Investor Relations. Conforming to regulatory requirements, the Company maintains positive interaction and communication with investors through the General Meeting of Shareholders, institutional investor meetings, roadshows, investor hotlines, and online platform communication. The Company strengthens the communications with stakeholders, including government, regulators, customers, employees, communities, etc., and has established various channels for regular and special communication with multiple stakeholders to thoroughly understand their demands and expectations. The Board of Directors is the top ESG decision-making body, responsible for the overall planning and coordination of its ESG governance. The Sustainability Committee, with the Chairman of the Board as the chairperson of the Committee, is responsible for supervising and deliberating the Company's ESG strategy, targets and annual plans, and reporting ESG implementation results and major plans to the Board of Directors. Our subsidiaries operate in accordance with the Company's ESG management policies, ESG master plan, targets and tasks. Business performance Address climate change Green-oriented transition of energy Invest in new energy Research and innovation Risk management and operation complianceInformation disclosure required by law Performance release and meeting Teleconference and online interaction Website, investor hotline, visit and roadshow Capital market conference Business ethics and anti-corruption Risk management and operation compliance Invest in new energy Address climate change Ensure energy supply Taxation and job creation Research and innovationDaily communication and reporting Discussion and seminar Project approval Government supervision and regulation Quality of products and services Invest in new energy Ensure energy supply Research and innovation Digital transformationDaily service communication Customer visits Questionnaire survey Website, WeChat and other online media Workplace health and safety Training and career development Diversity and equal opportunity Respect human rightsCollective negotiations and employee representative conference Visit and research Annual commendation Regular trainings Corporate cultural activities Website, WeChat and other online media Community communication and engagement Taxation and job creation Responsible supply chain Support common prosperityCorporate philanthropy On-site research Community communication activities Open Days Complaint hotline Media communication Address climate change Green-oriented transition of energy Pollution and emission management Biodiversity and land use Resource recycling and reuse Water resource managementProject environmental and social risk assessment Environmental information disclosure Environmental performance monitoring and disclose Respond to external investigation Science popularisation activities of environmental protection Stakeholders Key Communication Topics Communication Channels Government and RegulatorsShareholders and Investors Customers Employees CommunitiesBoard of Directors Sustainability Committee Corporate Headquarters HQ Departments SubsidiariesReporting Decision-making Feedback Decision-making FeedbackReporting Approval Communication Coordination ImplementationAudit Committee Strategy Committee Nomination CommitteeRemuneration and Appraisal Committee Anti-corruption Management SystemHuman Rights Management SystemHSE Management System Risk Management System Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 11 12 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility 2 5 8 103 17 12 116 4 14 15 1613 171819 21 209 Significance to stakeholdersMateriality AnalysisIn 2022, the Company continued to identify, screen, and evaluate sustainability issues. This report discloses and responds to the Company's management and practical performance in addressing the 21 identified issues. The sustainability issues for 2022 remained largely unchanged from those in 2021. The relevant changes come from the in-depth interpretation of the issues based on the national macro-policy guidance, such as energy supply guarantee and green-oriented transition and community communication and engagement. We reviewed our development strategy and plans, and identified 21 issues of significance both to the Company and its stakeholders. Identification We invited both key stakeholders, such as investors and sustainability experts, and employee representatives, to evaluate the identified issues from their perspectives, and constructed a two-dimensional mapping of the issues based on their significance. Evaluation Based on the materiality matrix constructed, we ranked the material issues based on their significance, and selected the issues with high significance for focused disclosure in this report. Material issue Indicator aspect Core1Risk management and operation compliance- 2 Invest in new energy A4 Climate Change 3 Address climate change A4 Climate Change 4 Research and innovation - 5Occupational health and safety B2 Health and Safety 6Energy supply guarantee and green-oriented transition A4 Climate Change 7Pollution and emissions controlA1 Emissions, A3 The Environment and Natural Resources 8 Corporate governance - 9Business ethics and anti- corruptionB7 Anti-corruption 10Quality of products and services B6 Product Responsibility 11 Digital transformation - 12 Respect human rights B1 Employment, B4 Labour Standards Important13Resource recycling and reuseA2 Use of Resources 14Employee training and career development B3 Development and Training 15Support common prosperityB8 Community Investment 16 Biodiversity and land useA3 The Environment and Natural Resources 17Water resource management A2 Use of Resources 18Community communication and engagementB8 Community Investment 19 Responsible supply chainB5 Supply Chain Management Regular20 Taxation and job creation B8 Community Investment 21Diversity and equal opportunity B1 Employment Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 13 14 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility SDGs Mapping Table SDGs SDGs Sinopec Corp. Actions in 2022 We vigorously participated in the rural revitalisation. We supported the development of specialty agriculture in rural areas. Over 16, 175 mu of quinoa were grown in 10 townships of Dongxiang County, Gansu Province, and sold over RMB 70 million all year, helping 4, 964 households grow their incomes. We actively cooperated with the development of the new energy vehicle industry and accelerated the construction of new energy vehicle charging and swapping facilities and hydrogen refuelling stations. We promoted carbon emission reduction technologies, and strengthened the monitoring and managing of greenhouse gas emissions. We conducted site visits to enterprises along the Yangtze River, the Yellow River and other key river basins to protect the environment of the river systems. We maintained our membership in the Alliance to End Plastic Waste (AEPW) to protect the marine environment and marine life. We conducted soil and groundwater assessment to prevent soil and groundwater contamination. We required all new and under-construction projects to pass environmental impact assessment first, and identify the eco- environmental sensitivity of projects to avoid eco-sensitive areas and ecological conservation areas. We also conducted ecological environment assessment for decommissioned facilities, and carried out ecological restoration work if needed. Our biodiversity practice was selected into the Business Handbook for Biodiversity Conservation Cases Summary, which was released at the China Corner side event of the second phase of the Fifteenth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on climate change (COP15) in Montreal, Canada. We complied with the code of business ethics, continued to improve integrity and compliance management to ensure business integrity, and implemented a zero tolerance policy for corruption and violations of business ethics to eradicate all forms of corruption. We also urged our suppliers and contractors to strengthen their security management and environmental protection efforts. We continuously supported UN Global Compact and other global initiatives, and cooperated closely with international organisations, trade associations, research orgnisations and business partners to explore cutting-edge technology development. Governance SystemIn accordance with the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, the Mandatory Provisions of the Articles of Association of Companies Listed Overseas and other national laws and regulations, as well as the provisions on the supervision and administration of securities at both domestic and international levels, Sinopec Corp. has formulated the Articles of Association and other governance documents, to continuously improve the corporate governance system. The session of the Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and adopting the working rules and amendments of its committees. In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and the Articles of Association, all members of the Board are diligent and conscientious in exercising their professional knowledge and skills, standardising the exercise of their functions and authorities, earnestly implementing the resolutions of the General Meeting of Shareholders, and making scientific decisions for the sustainable development of the Company. In 2022, the Company held nine Board meetings with full attendance of the directors, and approved 42 motions. Relevant information about the meetings is disclosed on the websites of related stock exchanges and our corporate website in the form of announcements. In accordance with the relevant requirements of China Securities Regulatory Commission, and to ensure that independent directors have enough time and energy to effectively perform their duties, the Company stipulates in the Articles of Association that those who have concurrently served as an independent director in five listed companies are not eligible to be an independent director of the Company. Directors shall be elected or replaced by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and each Board has a three-year tenure of office. Independent non-executive directors may not be re-elected for more than 6 years. The Company outlines the nomination methods and procedures of directors in the Articles of Association and the Procedures for the Nomination of Director Candidates of Sinopec. Attendance of the Board Other positions of independent directors Board electionAs the decision-making body of Sinopec Corp., the Board plays a critical role in corporate governance. In strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Guidelines for the Governance of Listed Companies issued by the CSRC, the Company has clarified and defined contents such as the selections and obligations of directors, the performance and evaluation of directors, the composition and responsibilities of the Board, and the rules of procedure of the Board by establishing and improving the related system and working mechanism, to lay a solid foundation for the effective governance of the Board. These factors include professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of service, regions, cultural and educational backgrounds, gender and age, etc. This policy aims to enhance the sensitivity of the Board to a wider range of risks and effectively improve its scientific decision-making abilities. The present Board of Directors has extensive professional theoretical and practical experience in different industries both home and abroad. Their professional backgrounds include petroleum and petrochemicals, economics, accounting, finance, management, etc. Effectiveness of the Board Diversity of the Board For details of the members of the Board, please refer to the Board of Directors section on the Company's website. We upgraded water facilities in Dongxiang County to bring tap water to villages in Dongxiang County, Gansu Province. We paid attention to the needs of female employees during pregnancy and maternity, as well as the physical and mental health of female employees. We protected the health and safety of our employees, and provided all employees with occupational disease screening, prevention, physical examination, and special intervention for high-exposure personnel. Sinopec Corp. has maintained zero fatalities for overseas security for 15 consecutive years. The Sinopec Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) Committee adopts positive psychological care initiatives to promote the physical and mental health of our employees. We actively invested in new energy businesses to increase the share of natural gas and other clean energy in our energy supplies, with 7. 44 billion cubic metres of natural gas production capacity. Our bio-jet fuel capacity reached 100, 000 tonnes per year. We generated job opportunities for migrant workers and new recruits from previous employment history. We also actively recruited female employees, overseas employees and minority employees to ensure equal employment opportunities. The number of independent non-executive directors shall account for at least one-third of the Board's total members. The nominators to express their opinions on the qualifications and independence of the nominees as independent directors, and the nominees shall make a public statement to declare that they do not have a relationship with the Company that would influence their independent and objective judgment. The Company confirms the independence of its independent non-executive directors annually. The Board reviewed and approved the Terms of Reference of the Independent Non-Executive Directors in November 2021. Each independent non-executive director fulfils his or her duties in good faith as required by the Company's Terms of Reference of the Independent Non- Executive Directors, providing independent opinions on matters such as the Company's appointment of senior management personnel, related transactions, profit distribution plans and other matters, and safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of small and medium- sized investors. Independent directors are also granted special powers, such as putting forward specific requirements for audit work, participating in the selection of external auditing agencies, proposing to convene a Board meeting, etc. By the end of 2022, the Company had four independent non-executive directors in the Board, accounting for 40 of its total members. Independent non-executive directors participate deeply in the work of each committee of the Board and contribute to the reform and development of the Company, three of whom serve as chairperson of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Nomination Committee respectively. The committees conduct research on professional matters, and present opinions and suggestions to the Board for decision- making. The Chairman of the Board serves as chairperson of the Sustainability Committee to promote the in-depth integration of sustainable development with the Company's operations. The Articles of Association and related policy documents can be found at Board of SupervisorsThe Board of Supervisors is accountable to the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders by inspecting and supervising the legality of the performance of the directors and senior management personnel. To standardise the discussion methods and voting procedures of the Board of Supervisors, and improve the corporate governance structure, the Company has formulated the Rules of Procedure of the Board of Supervisors in accordance with the regulatory laws and regulations of listed companies at home and abroad as well as the Articles of Association, which specifies the powers, composition, meeting system, discussion procedures, information disclosure and other contents of the Board of Supervisors. In addition to the qualifications specified in the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and the Articles of Association, supervisors of the Board of Supervisors must possess professional knowledge and working experience in legal, accounting or other professional fields to effectively support the stable and orderly operation of the Company. Supervisors who are not employee representatives of the Company are elected and dismissed by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and those who are employee representatives are democratically elected and dismissed by employees of the Company via employee congress or other means. By the end of 2022, the Company's Board of Supervisors consisted of eight members, of whom three were employee representatives, accounting for 37. 5 of the Board. In 2022, the Board of Supervisors convened four meetings and deliberated on nine topics, with a 100 attendance rate of supervisors. Consists of eight directors, including Chairman of the Board, who serves as chairperson of the Committee, and three independent non-executive directors, who serve as members. In 2022, the Strategy Committee convened one meeting in total, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Plan for Economic and Social Development and the Long-Range Objectives through the Year 2035 and the Motion on 2022 Investment Plan. In 2022, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee convened one meeting, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the Report on the Implementation of the Remuneration System for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Managers in 2021. In 2022, the Nomination Committee convened one meeting in total, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the Motion on the Appointment of Senior Vice President. In 2022, the Sustainability Committee convened one meeting, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the 2021 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report, the Report on Environmental Protection Work in 2021 and Work Plan for 2022, and the Report on Anti-corruption Compliance Work in 2021 and the Working Arrangements in 2022. The Audit Committee consists of 4 independent non-executive directors, with an independent director who is an accounting professional as the chairman. In 2022, the Audit Committee convened five meetings in total to review and approve 17 topics, including the Internal Control Manual (2022 Version), the Description on the Business Performance, Financial Status and Related Matters in 2021, the Ongoing Assessment Report on the Risk of Related Transactions between Sinopec, Sinopec Finance Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Co., Ltd., the Report on the Implementation of Financial Derivatives Business in 2021 and the Work Plan in 2022, the Financial Report 2021, the Annual Report 2021, the Internal Control Evaluation Report for 2021, the Report on Auditing in 2021 and Arrangement of Auditing in 2022, the First Quarterly Report for 2022, the 20-F Report for 2021, the Notes on Business Performance, the Financial Status and Related Matters in the First Half of 2022, the Semi- Annual Financial Report 2022, the Semi-Annual Report 2022, the Ongoing Assessment Report on the Risk of Related Transactions between Sinopec, Sinopec Finance Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Co., Ltd. in the first half of 2022, the Report on Auditing in the First Half of 2022 and Arrangement of Auditing in the Second Half of 2022, the Third Quarterly Report for 2022, and the Report on the Implementation of Internal Audit Plan in the Third Quarter of 2022, with a 100 attendance rate. The Committee also takes into account the remuneration level of peer companies, as well as their specific responsibilities and the time they paid, and puts forward suggestions on their appraisal. Meanwhile, the Committee supervises the implementation of the remuneration system, ensuring that neither any director nor their contact person participates in the formulation of their own remuneration. The remuneration structure of the Company's senior management personnel includes basic salary and performance bonus, which are implemented in accordance with the Company's Measures for the Implementation of Senior Management Remuneration. The annual performance bonus is determined mainly based on the appraisal of key performance indicators. The Company discloses the remuneration information of the Board of Directors and senior management in the annual report, which can be found in the Strengthen Compliance ManagementBusiness Integrity and Operation ComplianceThe guarantee of integrity and compliance management is the basis of the Company's stable and long-term development. Sinopec Corp. adheres to the rule of law and continues to improve compliance management policies and systems. The Company maintains high standards of business ethics, and always implements a zero tolerance policy towards corruption and violations of business ethics by strictly eliminating all relevant cases. Furthermore, the Company has integrated compliance management into internal control, business processes, and individual responsibilities. During the reporting period, the Company had no major legal compliance incidents. The Company conducts regular market benchmarking of salary performance, utilising the results to guide subsidiaries in controlling income distribution gaps between personnel at different positions and levels. This is achieved by referring to labour market prices, improving salary competitiveness for key talents, and establishing a reasonable distribution system. The Company incorporates ESG indicators into the performance appraisal in the form of obligatory targets, mainly including workplace safety (including but not limited to safety violations, accidents), energy conservation and environmental protection (including but not limited to greenhouse gas emission, pollutant discharges and emissions, energy efficiency management, environmental protection violation), anti-corruption management, operation compliance, risk management, etc. Failure to meet the assessment targets will result in the deduction of the comprehensive appraisal scores. The performance appraisal is tied to the remuneration. For each deduction of 1 point, a certain percentage of the performance bonus, up to 20, will be deducted. Creating a corporate culture of good faith and complianceSinopec's Key Compliance Management Measures in 2022 202020 202130 202153. 76 202233 202035. 84 202259. 1359. 13Number of Compliance Trainees (10, 000 person-times)Employee Coverage Rate of Compliance Training ( ) Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 19 20 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Employee Codes of ConductAnti-Corruption Organisation SystemThe Employee Codes of Conduct is formulated in accordance with the law, applying to all employees of the Company. The employees must abide by the laws and regulations of China or the country (region) where the Company operates, as well as the rules and regulations of the Company, including the Employee Codes of Conduct. The Employee Codes of Conduct provides behaviour guidelines in areas such as health and safety, environmental protection, business conduct, ethical standards, workplace protocols, quality requirements, confidentiality, etc., and requires all employees to adhere to relevant rules such as business integrity, anti-discrimination, and information confidentiality. Any employee who violates the Employee Codes of Conduct will face disciplinary measures under the Sinopec Regulations on Punishment for Violations of Disciplines and Rules. In circumstances where the offender may be charged with a crime, the offender will be transferred to the judicial system for legal liabilities. The Company has developed and continuously optimises the Integrity and Compliance Management Handbook, which focuses on ten key areas such as corporate governance and operation, health, safety and environmental protection, social responsibility and employees' rights and interests, anti-monopoly and anti-unfair competition, anti-commercial bribery and anti-corruption, consumer rights and interests protection, intellectual property rights and data information, taxation and assets. The Company has specified 54 codes of conduct that the Company should follow and 50 codes of conduct that staff should abide by. Each branch (subsidiary) has a special supervisory organisation or post to implement specific anti-corruption measures in accordance with national laws and regulations as well as the Company's regulations. The Company also regularly conducts research and deploys key supervision tasks. In March 2023, the Company's anti-corruption and compliance management and its performance in 2022 was reviewed by the Sustainability Committee of the Board. For details of Employee Codes of Conduct, please refer to Anti-Corruption System The Company has established and continued to improve the anti- corruption policy and system, which fully cover all its affiliated institutions, businesses and personnel, providing a solid guarantee for the Company's long-term and stable development. In 2022, the Company introduced several relevant systems, including the management regulations for business enterprises operated by relatives of management personnel, the interview mechanism for daily supervision, and the procedures for recording and reporting management personnel intervention in major matters. Management personnel and employees who are also CPC members must strictly abide by party regulations, such as the CPC Code of Integrity and CPC Self-Discipline, the CPC Regulations on Anti- Corruption, and other regulations, and are subject to relevant supervision accordingly. The results of which are tied to salary, position, and rank adjustments. The assessment indicators mainly include three aspects the performance of anti-corruption responsibilities and support for supervision institutions by the management; the performance of supervision; the performance of accountability. Regulation on the Punishment of Employees Who Violate Disciplines or Regulations Supervision and Discipline Measures of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Team (Trial) Opinions on Strengthening Daily Supervision of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Institutions (Trial) Implementation Measures on Accountability for Non- compliance in Investment Management Regulations on Working Procedures for Accountability Investigation (Trial) Measures of Disciplinary Inspection and Supervision Agency for Handling Reports and Accusations Management Regulations on Business Enterprises Run by Relatives of Management Personnel (2022) Measures of Talk for Daily Supervision (2022) Recording and Reporting Procedures for Management Personnel Intervention in Major Matters (2022)Main existing anti-corruption policies of Sinopec Corp. Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption ManagementThe Company maintains a zero tolerance approach to corruption and is committed to improving its anti-corruption and compliance system, as well as the supervision and management procedures. These efforts have enhanced the effectiveness of restriction and supervision on power operations and created a sound working environment with increased employee satisfaction with anti-corruption management. The Company strictly abides by China's anti-corruption laws and regulations, the United Nations Convention against Corruption and the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws applicable to the countries and regions where it operates. The Company complies with the business integrity and anti-corruption regulations and commitments of its business partners and always advocates for an integrity culture. The Company strictly forbids its subsidiaries and employees, including labourers and temporary workers, from giving or accepting bribes, or engaging in corruption, fraud, or monopoly behaviour for any reason, in any form and any location. The Company also requires suppliers, contractors, and service providers to follow these requirements. When conducting business overseas, the Company strictly abides by the principles and regulations of anti-corruption, anti-commercial bribery, anti- fraud, and anti-monopoly. Anti-Corruption StatementThe Supervision Department of the Company operates under the oversight of the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and staff to ensure standardised behaviour and prevent abuse of power. The Department has strengthened the supervision and inspection of lower-level supervision institutions and standardised their supervision behaviour. Any tip-offs about supervisory authorities and supervisors will be accepted and independently investigated by specialised agencies. The Company strictly investigates and deals with corrupt practices of supervisors in accordance with its systems and relevant laws and regulations. The Company integrated anti-corruption education into business training, defined specific contents in the induction training for new employees, and provided relevant education and training to employees at all levels, achieving a training coverage rate of 100. Management personnel at all levels are also given due attention in terms of anti-corruption education, with centralised cautionary education, interviews, and case studies carried out to guide and urge them to follow business ethics. In 2022, the headquarters and subsidiaries of the Company provided 2, 623 anti- corruption related courses, totaling 15, 864 hours and maintained a 100 anti-corruption training coverage rate. We revised our internal control system based on the latest requirements of anti-corruption and compliance as well as the problems found during internal audits and external inspections, reducing limitations on discretion and promoting standardised power operation through authoritative guidance. We also revised and upgraded the system for handling reports and accusations, which serves to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of our employees while ensuring that investigations are conducted in accordance with regulations and disciplinary procedures. In response to the problems found during supervision and inspection, we formulated and issued Supervision Proposals to urge relevant departments (subsidiaries) to rectify problems and loopholes, improve relevant systems and enhance management efficiency. Deeply conducting daily supervision and special governance The Company maintains a strict zero tolerance stance towards corruption. In 2022, a total of 27 people were punished for violating the Company's anti-corruption rules, and the court concluded three corruption lawsuits. The Company clearly embedded integrity risk control into key project stages such as project bidding, project change, contract settlement, quality and safety management, contractor management, acceptance of projects, and on-site inspection throughout the project preparation, implementation, trial production and acceptance. The Company requires all suppliers and contractors to sign a Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics (including those registered on the EPEC online platform) to clarify the Company's requirements for business ethics and anti-corruption. Meanwhile, the Company entrusts a third-party commercial credit evaluation agency to conduct corporate credit certification for suppliers, regularly monitors the credit changes and abnormal operation of its suppliers and contractors using big data technologies, and tracks their operations for any administrative sanctions or penalties for faith-breaking. In 2022, 2, 937 suppliers passed the corporate credit certification, bringing the accumulative number to 10, 327. In 2022, six suppliers were penalised for violating the Company's regulations on business ethics. Anti-Corruption Risk AssessmentTo ensure effective risk management, the Company considers prevention and control of integrity risk as an essential component of its risk management plan. This includes conducting regular comprehensive risk identification, with a focus on anti-corruption and compliance risks. The Supervision Department regularly reports the overall state of anti-corruption and important matters to the Sustainability Committee and the Board. The Company prepares major risk management reports every quarter. Management Regulations on the Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics Management Measures for Market Integrity System of Construction Projects Management Regulations on Bidding and Submission of Tendering for Construction Projects Management Measures for Material Procurement and Resources SupplyAnti-Corruption and Compliance Management Systems for Suppliers and Contractors Guangdong Company builds the first Integrity Culture Demonstration Station and organises employees to learn and visit the Integrity Culture Wall Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 23 24 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Risk Management and Internal Control Intellectual Property Protection The Company strictly abides by the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, national criminal law, tort liability law, patent law, trademark law, copyright law, anti-unfair competition law, and other relevant laws and regulations related to intellectual property protection, fully undertaking intellectual property protection work. The Company adheres to the principle of paying taxes according to the law, and conscientiously fulfils its tax obligation in compliance with the relevant tax policies and regulations of the country or region where the business is located, as well as the Company's management systems and operating specifications. With a strong focus on accurate and timely tax payments, we maintain authentic and complete tax-related data and records to meet regulatory requirements and disclose tax information in accordance with applicable regulations. In 2022, the Company further strengthened tax management. In addition to closely monitoring the issuance of new tax policies by the Chinese government, the Company increased its investment in education and training initiatives focused on tax policies. By promoting the integration of industry, finance, and tax, the Company was able to optimise tax-related business processes, and enhance the policy understanding and application abilities of its tax management personnel, providing a solid foundation for the high-quality development of the Company. In 2022, the Company also organised its subsidiaries to conduct tax self-inspections and promoted compliance awareness. The Company achieved solid results in compliance control at sources and during relevant processes, as well as result monitoring. In addition, the Company established and improved the long-term mechanism from the aspects of improving management systems, standardising internal processes, optimising the information system, and promoting the normalisation, institutionalisation, and precision of tax risk prevention and control, effectively enhancing the Company's abilities to prevent and control tax risks. Petition and Whistle-Blowing Mechanism The Company has set up unimpeded petition and whistle-blowing channels, including mail, phone, email and face-to- face reports. The handling personnel shall put forward suggestions for handling the problems reflected in the complaint materials, and submit them level by level to relevant responsible person of the supervisory authorities for approval before handling. The Complaint Management Department regularly makes statistics and comprehensive analysis of the handled data. Protection of the whistle- blower The Company fully complies with applicable national laws and regulations on whistle-blower protection, regards the protection of whistle-blowers' privacy as a significant responsibility, enhances the internal confidentiality mechanism and formulates the Company's approaches to accusations. The Company allows anonymous reporting and stipulates that the whistle-blower's handwriting, network IP address, and other information shall not be investigated without authorisation. If the whistle-blower is suspected of making false accusation, framing, or other violations of discipline and laws, the investigation of his identity should follow the approval process. The Company's Comprehensive Risk Management Measures clearly defines risk management duties, fundamental procedures, information system construction, risk management culture, assessment and supervision across all departments. Subsidiaries of the Company have also formulated and improved their risk management systems, to make institutional settings more scientific, management functions more effective, rights and responsibilities more coordinated, and ensure that there are rules and laws to follow for risk prevention and control. The Company carries out comprehensive identification of primary and significant risks and critical points of annual risk management every year and prepares comprehensive risk management reports. In 2022, the Company conducted multi-dimensional major risk identification and assessment focusing on the prevention and resolution of major risks and the recommendations of the annual risk assessment list proposed by internal and external consulting agencies. Each department has formulated relevant countermeasures to effectively deal with risks according to the risk indicators. In addition, the Company insists on carrying out risk management training, and fully integrates risk internal control into various business training, to comprehensively improve the risk management skills of employees. In 2022, 1, 150 employees participated in risk management training. Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to managing the risks that arise during the Company's development process. To this end, the Company continues to improve the comprehensive risk management system, optimises the risk identification and response mechanism, organises comprehensive risk assessment, conducts targeted management on annual primary and significant risks, and prepares comprehensive risk management reports. The Committee evaluates the Company's annual comprehensive risk management report and conducts timely hearings on significant internal control and risk problems. The Company has developed its relevant departments to manage risks linked to environmental protection, addressing climate change, production safety, finance, legal affairs, anti-corruption, and overseas security. Each department collects risk information through multiple channels, conducts research and judgment, and then takes effective measures to actively deal with risks. We organised 2, 576 employees from the headquarters and subsidiaries to carry out risk assessment from the two dimensions of risk occurrence possibility and impact level. We entrusted the internal and external consulting agencies to identify, study and analyse the main risks faced by the Company in 2023, and compiled a risk assessment report. We organised the preparation of medium and long-term plans for basic research, to further strengthen the top- level design and system layout of strategic basic research. Initiatives such as the Programme for Supporting Young Doctors encourage Stimulating Innovation Vitality Internal Control ManagementThe Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and optimising the Company's internal control system and ensuring its effective implementation. The Audit Committee of the Board is tasked with supervising and evaluating the Company's internal control. Core Technologies Breakthrough The Company maintained its focus on core technologies and achieved significant advancements in various fields of technology research and development in 2022. The subsidiaries are required to follow the framework requirements of the headquarters and develop detailed rules for the implementation of internal control based on their actual situation. The Internal Control Handbook for the Headquarters covers the general principles, company-level system, business- level system, authoritative guidelines, inspection, evaluation and assessment methods, etc. Among them, the company-level system includes four parts internal environment, risk assessment, information and communication, and internal supervision. The business-level system covers 24 categories such as capital activities, procurement, and production. The Company's internal control system is supported by three lines of defence, including daily supervision by business departments, special supervision by internal control departments, and comprehensive supervision by audit, patrol inspection, and discipline inspection and supervision departments, achieving full coverage of annual self-assessment of all subsidiaries. In addition, the Company has integrated the daily work of internal control, the inspection and evaluation of internal control, and the implementation of rectification into the annual performance appraisal system of management at all levels, assessed and provided cash incentives for the performance of annual internal control. In 2022, KPMG, an external auditor, conducted internal control audits of 43 subsidiaries of the Company, covering monetary capital management, asset management, project management, contract management, information system and other businesses. This includes a continuous effort to improve the efficiency of scientific and technological innovation to support and lead high-quality development. Technological InnovationIn May 2022, China's first 100 thousand tonnes year bio-jet fuel production unit was successfully put into large-scale trial production and won the first global RSB sustainable bio-jet fuel certificate in Asia. In December, the first commercial cargo flight in China using sustainable jet fuel completed its first international flight, marking Biomass Energy the shift from large-scale production towards large-scale application of China's bio-jet fuel by independent research and development. Compared with those of traditional petroleum-based jet fuel, the carbon emissions of bio-jet fuel in the whole life cycle can be reduced by more than 50. It has comprehensively promoted the construction of the entire hydrogen energy industrial chain, achieving breakthroughs in fields such as hydrogen refuelling stations, hydrogen production technology, hydrogen fuel cells, and hydrogen storage materials. The self-developed megawatt Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) electrolytic water hydrogen production device was successfully launched in Yanshan Petrochemical Company, producing qualified high-purity hydrogen. We developed a complete set of hydrogen purification technologies for fuel cell vehicles, and built a 3000 Nm3 h purification unit and a 1000-tonne primary hydrogen supply station. In response to the fast-growing hydrogen energy industry and the rising need for large-scale hydrogen storage, Sinopec Corp. has undertaken engineering and technical research on ultra-high-strength high-pressure hydrogen storage materials and equipment, as well as a large double-shell vacuum insulated liquid hydrogen spherical tank. This effort lays the groundwork for storage tank expansion tests and relevant industrial applications, and provides robust technological support for Sinopec's development of green hydrogen energy. exploration of basic and disruptive technology fields, while the Seed Programme focuses on emerging fields like new refining and chemical processes, and new chemical materials. A total of eight research institutions directly under the Company have made substantial progress in optimising the innovation system, clarifying the main research directions, exploring innovative management modes and continuously increasing the vitality of innovation power. The new model of data platform application has proven to be highly efficient in supporting the Company's management innovation, business innovation and commercial model innovation. For example, our practice of business- driven digital transformation won the first prize in the National Enterprise Management Modernisation Innovation Achievement Award, the integrated investment optimisation and management platform won the Excellent Award of the 2022 IDC China Future Enterprise Award, the intelligent contract service won the title of 2022 Pioneer of Industrial Intelligence, and the data service platform won the DAMA China Award for Best Product in Data Management. The in-depth application of financial digital and intelligent analysis, optimised management and control of investment integration, integrated big data of industrial auditing, and intelligent operation centre has effectively improved the Company's fine management level and risk prevention ability. The accident rate of hazardous chemical transportation has decreased significantly. subsidiaries have launched the carbon asset system, with the carbon mapping granularity refined to the device-level, reducing the carbon mapping period by half. The Digital Twin of Intelligent Ethylene Plant programme has been selected as one of the top ten AI application scenarios by the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China. In addition, the application of 5G AI and other new technologies has effectively improved the level of safety, environmental protection, and production and operation. Industrial digital upgrading The Hohhot data centre was completed and put into operation. Our backbone network was upgraded to enhance the capability of mutual backup of applications, cloud resources, and video conference support. Information infrastructure capacity enhancementEnhancing External CooperationSinopec Corp. took proactive steps to integrate into the global innovation network, actively implement the going global strategy and enhance its innovation capabilities in the open and cooperative innovation ecosystem. The Company enhances the cooperation with internationally renowned research institutions, and, by the end of 2021, has successively joined the International Institute of Synthetic Rubber Producers (IISRP), International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry - Committee on Chemistry and Industry (IUPAC-COCI), Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE), Society of Exploration Geophysicists (SEG), American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) and actively participated in a variety of related activities to provide support for the construction of technology-leading company. Number of patent applications filed in the year Number of patent applications granted in the year Cumulative number of patents granted globally R&D investment (RMB 100 million)Indicators 6, 808 4, 254 38, 695 1522020 8, 045 4, 853 43, 563 2112021 8, 687 6, 289 49, 852 2252022The Company has developed a new process of homogeneous bulk olefin polymerisation, built a 1000-tonne high-specification polybutene-1 industrial demonstration unit, and achieved stable operation at full load. Many brands of products have reached the level of similar international products. We conquered the industrial technology of 48K large tow carbon fibre and realised the localisation We formulated the processing technology and product formula of bio- degradable materials with independent intellectual property rights. Bio-degradable materials such as PBST, PBAT and PBSA have been introduced to the market. Ecorigin, a bio-degradable material brand featuring technical innovation with industrial influence has been established. In August 2022, the bio-degradable material PBAT passed The Company continued to increase investment in CCUS technology research and development, accelerated the development of high- efficiency carbon capture solvent, and completed the pilot experiment of new high-efficiency ionic liquid capture solvent, reducing the average energy consumption by 40, and reducing cost by about 20. The 10000-tonne industrial plant (Phase 1) has been completed and put into operation. The product performance has reached the international advanced level, and the composite materials have been used for demonstration application. The construction of the PBT bio-degradable material flexible transformation project, with a capacity of 120, 000 tonnes of PBT and 60, 000 tonnes of bio-degradable material, began in October 2022. device of 50, 000 Nm3 d Membrane gas separation processes for CO 2 capture with independent intellectual property rights, reaching an internationally advanced level of CO 2 capture with a product gas CO 2 concentration of over 96 after evaluation by third-party testing institutions and industrial experts. The Company also discloses its climate change management strategies and progress in line with the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Climate GovernanceThe Company is committed to fully integrating climate change into its strategic planning, corporate governance system, comprehensive risk management system as well as daily operation and management. This structure lays a solid foundation for improving climate governance and coping capacities. Extreme weather events may cause secondary disasters and production accidents, posing threats to both personal safety and ecological environment and causing economic losses. Monitor extreme weather effectively and implement early warning systems, formulate disaster emergency plans according to local conditions, carry out disaster preparedness and emergency drills regularly, and set up materials reserve for disaster prevention and mitigation. Physical Risks- Chronic Risks Changes in rainfall, extreme fluctuations in climate patterns and long-term average temperature rise may increase construction costs (such as due to extended construction period, early damage of equipment, etc.), and insurance costs for equipment and personnel. An increase or decrease in the average temperature may increase operating costs, such as increased demand for equipment cooling water, and increased demand for cooling and heating of production and office premises. Transition Risks- Policy and Legal Risks Under the background of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, the government is shifting the focus of the dual control mechanism from energy consumption to the total amount and intensity of carbon emissions. More stringent laws and regulations will be imposed to limit or reduce carbon emissions, and promote the green and low-carbon transformation of enterprises. The national carbon emission trading market has established and implemented a carbon quota system. In the future, key emission industries such as the petrochemical industry may be included in the system, which could potentially increase the Company's carbon emission costs for compliance. The government is implementing stricter regulations to reduce methane emissions and venting and leaks. As a result, the Company may need to invest in improving its methane emission monitoring, reporting and verification (MRV) technical system, increase additional facilities and technical investment, and take more effective measures to minimise methane leakage. Type of RisksRisk Descriptions Transition Risks- Market Risks Social concern about climate change and sustainable development has been increasing. Consumers are increasingly choosing green and low-carbon products and services, thereby reducing the demand for traditional high-carbon emission energy products. Transition Risks- Reputation Risks Stakeholders are showing increased concern for the petrochemical industry's approach to climate change. Lack of significant action could lead to criticism from investors and other parties, potentially damaging the Company's reputation. The focus is on ecological priority, green transition, and clean development, and promotes the clean utilisation of fossil energy, scaling-up of clean energy, and low-carbon production Accelerate the development of new energy business with hydrogen energy as the core, take the development from hydrocarbon to hydrogen as the highest priority, and accelerate the development of China's leading hydrogen energy company with a hydrogen energy industrial chain. By 2025, the supply capacity of new energy will strive to reach the equivalent of 10 million tonnes of standard coal. The goal is to lower energy consumption and emission intensity, firmly moving towards the targets of net zero emissions, and making the Company a benchmark for green, clean, and low-carbon development. Carbon dioxide capture (thousand tonnes) Methane recovery (million cubic metres)In the Green Enterprise Action Plan, Sinopec Corp. has set greenhouse gas emission reduction targets for the period of 2018 to 2023, and was well on track to meet the greenhouse gas emission reduction targets in 2022. Sinopec's Energy Conservation Monitoring Centre conducts internal auditing and verification of relevant data to ensure accuracy. The Company continues to optimise the accounting modules of the carbon asset management information system, streamline data collection processes, and complete the group-wide carbon audit and carbon verification of all devices, laying a solid foundation for formulating emission control measures. Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) and indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2) have been included in the scope of the audit process. The carbon emission accounting shall comply with the ISO14064-1 2006 standards, the China Oil and Gas Production Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines, and the China Petrochemical Enterprise Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines. Energy ConservationThe Company formulated and issued the 2022 Energy and Environment Responsibility Commitment, implementing the target of strictly controlling the total energy consumption and improving energy efficiency. In 2022, the Company implemented 479 energy efficiency improvement projects, saving 946, 000 tonnes of standard coal. The consumption of comprehensive energy per RMB 10, 000 of production value of the Company has reached 1. 010 tonnes of standard coal, a year-on-year decrease of 0. 5. The Company further strengthened energy measurement and statistics management, and the energy efficiency improvement and supervision over electromechanical equipment. In addition, the Company organised subsidiaries to actively participate in the selection of Energy Efficiency Front-runner Enterprises organised by national and industrial associations. In 2022, several subsidiaries won the title of Energy Efficiency Front-runner Model Enterprises of the petroleum and chemical industry. Energy Efficiency Front-runner Ethylene Production Enterprises Energy Efficiency Front-runner Refining Enterprises Energy Efficiency Front-runner Xylene Production EnterprisesZhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Petrochemical Company Hainan Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. Energy Efficiency Front-runner Enterprises of key energy-using industries in 2022 Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Petrochemical Company, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Hainan Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., ZTHC Energy, Zhong'an Lianhe Coal Chemical Co., Ltd. Key Energy Consuming Products Energy Efficiency Front-runner Model Enterprises of the petroleum and chemical industry in 2022 In 2022, the Company revised the Green Enterprise Construction and Re-Check Index (2022 version), conducted quantitative evaluation and improvement on the procurement of motor transformers, the utilisation of green packaging, the optimisation of material logistics, and the disposal of waste and used materials, and promoted the implementation of green enterprise action plans with high quality. By optimising the design of the motor structure and adjusting the selection principles of raw materials, the weight of a single shell of more than 500 motors of common specifications was reduced by 10, the consumption of magnetic materials was reduced by 15, the overall operating noise was reduced by 10 to 15 decibels, and the comprehensive energy efficiency was improved by 2. 3, saving 36. 8 million kWh of electricity and reducing RMB 25 million of electricity bills annually. Case Significant energy-saving benefits brought by material and equipment optimisation Guangzhou Petrochemical Company continued to promote the implementation of the Measures for Building a World-Class Green Energy and Chemical Enterprise (Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction), formulated supporting plans and organised project implementation for water, electricity, steam, wind and other public engineering systems as well as waste heat and new energy utilisation, and sorted out and formulated 61 measures for First Class Achievements, with a total of 42 completed. Meanwhile, the company actively optimised the utilisation of resources, and accumulatively recycled 16, 850 tonnes of standard oil in 2022, which is equivalent to reducing the comprehensive energy consumption of oil refining by 1. 70 kg standard oil tonne. Through the whole process of raw material supply - film production - film paving - residual film recovery - recycling of recycled materials, the Company has formed a set of economic and propagable demonstration schemes for residual film pollution control, realised the cycle of plastics - applications - raw materials - plastics, and significantly reduced the carbon footprint of the products. The project not only helped the local to achieve green and low-carbon development, but also effectively promoted the increase of production and income for farmers. Since the establishment of a thousand-mu demonstration cotton field with high-strength weather- resistant film in Shaya County, Aksu City in April 2022, the Company has been tracking the operation of the cotton field together with local agricultural experts. During this period, the emerald cotton seedlings emerged neatly and kept growing well. The high-strength weather-resistant film paved was also in excellent condition, with almost no cracks. After cotton-picking, the head of the local cooperative said that the yield of the demonstration field was significantly better than that of the nearby fields, and the cotton blossomed earlier and whiter in colour with excellent quality. The yield per mu of the demonstration field has reached about 480 kg, a new high in recent years. The Company prioritises the research and analysis of the carbon footprint of its petrochemical products. Utilising its internal resources and expertise, it has established carbon footprint accounting and evaluation methods and accounting models for products such as jet fuel, lubricant base oil, polypropylene, and xylene, as well as conducting a full-scale assessment of GHG emissions over the products' complete life cycle. In 2022, the Company completed the research on the carbon footprint of 16 products from 39 subsidiaries, and actively participated in the formulation of industrial standards, contributing to the transformation of corporate practice into feasible standards. The plan focuses on replacing high-carbon fuels, enhancing operational efficiency, upgrading equipment, and optimising processes to ensure that the energy efficiency of coal-fired units is improved. The Company replaces high-carbon fuels such as coal and coke with low-carbon options such as natural gas and fuel gas, and promotes the cogeneration of heat and power and simultaneous cooling, heating, and power generation of natural gas. The Company has strengthened cooperation with neighboring enterprises to enhance heat and power utilisation, opting for more efficient outsourcing solutions instead of relying on self-generated heat and power. Application of Energy- Saving and Low-Carbon TechnologiesThe Company continues to strengthen R&D and promotion of energy-saving and low- carbon technologies. Through research and innovation, the Company upgrades its energy- saving methods, technologies, and equipment, and actively participates in the creation of pilot and demonstration projects to showcase the effectiveness and potential of these technologies. Through comprehensive analysis and diagnosis of the energy consumption of the whole process or whole factories, the refining and chemical subsidiaries implemented a series of improvement and innovation measures for the comprehensive utilisation of waste heat, and thereby enhanced their energy utilisation efficiency significantly. Maoming Petrochemical Company Conducted energy-saving transformation of diesel hydrotreating process, and recycled the waste heat discharged from the original cooling process in the unit directly, achieving energy-saving of 40. Yanshan Petrochemical Company Using the high-temperature waste heat at about 100 of catalytic, jet fuel hydrogenation and S-Zorb (catalysing gasoline adsorption and desulphurisation) units to drive the Type I absorption heat pump units, increase the low-temperature waste heat of 30-50, and thereby generate the medium- temperature waste heat of 60-70 as the source of heating to replace the original coal-fired boiler for heating. After the project is put into operation, the annual power saving will reach 4 million kWh, and the annual steam saving of the refinery area will reach 21, 400 tonnes. CaseComprehensive utilisation of waste heat in refining and chemical subsidiaries Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage (CCUS)The Company continues to conduct key CCUS technologies and industrialisation application, and has intensified R&D investment and implemented key projects, actively promoting to build a demonstration project of the whole CCUS industrial chain. In 2022, refining and chemical subsidiaries continued to implement the recovery and utilisation of high concentration carbon dioxide generated during hydrogen production and synthetic ammonia production processes, resulting in the capture of 1. 534 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. Oilfield subsidiaries used 657, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide for oil displacement and achieved remarkable results in reducing carbon and increasing oil extraction. Carbon dioxide capture (10, 000 tonnes)Indicator 129. 02020 152. 02021 153. 42022The Qilu Petrochemical-Shengli Oilfield million-tonne CCUS project The Qilu Petrochemical-Shengli Oilfield CCUS Demonstration Project launched by the Company in July 2021 was completed and put into operation in August 2022. This project is the first million-tonne CCUS project in China, which serves as a model for the integration of the whole Technical features of million-tonne CCUS project Innovatively put forward the CO 2 high-pressure miscible oil displacement technology, and establish the injection mode of pressure displacement alternative displacement of water and gas, which can effectively solve the problem of no injection, no production, low recovery speed and low oil recovery in low-permeability reservoirs, and improve oil recovery and CO 2 storage. Strengthen equipment R&D to ensure the smooth operation of CO 2 pipeline transmission and injection Develop intelligent control module of the gas injection station based on the oil and gas production command system to realise the production and operation mode of unmanned, mobile patrol and centralised control in the whole production region. The project has established a series of technologies for the entire CCUS industrial chain that can be industrialised and scaled up, driving significant advancement in the industry. At the same time, as a member of the China Oil and Gas Methane Alliance, the Company actively undertakes the tasks of the methane detection working group of the alliance. In 2022, our oilfield subsidiaries recovered approximately 834 million cubic metres of methane, which was the equivalent to a greenhouse gas emissions reduction of approximately 12. 5 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. Refining and chemical subsidiariesRefining and chemical subsidiaries continued to carry out flare elimination, promoting process management stability and efficiency and reducing flare discharge caused by production fluctuations and unexpected shutdown, and made full use of information technology to strengthen the balance management of high and low pressure gas and hydrogen, reducing the flare discharge caused by excess gas or hydrogen. In addition, refining and chemical subsidiaries optimised startup and shutdown operations, implemented closed purging measures, reducing or even eliminating the discharge of flare, strengthened bench-marking management, and established flare venting time and venting loss indicators in the refining production technology management system, urging subsidiaries to strengthen relevant management. Forest Carbon SinkSinopec Corp. actively practises the concept of green development, vigorously promotes corporate greening management, and enhances the greening of its facility. The Company guides and encourages its employees to participate in tree-planting activities to increase forest reserves and maximise the positive effects of forests on carbon storage and ecological improvement. In March 2022, before Tree Planting Day, Sinopec Corp. and the China Greening Foundation launched the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest Internet Voluntary Tree Planting project on the platform of the National Voluntary Tree Planting official website. The project received warm responses from the Company's employees and the public. More than 154, 000 people participated in the donation and raised a total of RMB 6. 75 million. The Company adjusted the implementation plan according to the scale of funds, and planned to implement the afforestation area of 1, 600 mu, plant 263, 600 trees, build 17. 3 kilometres of forest roads and erect 20. 1 kilometres of fences within 2 years. In May 2022, the construction of the ecological demonstration forest project was officially implemented. By the end of 2022, the Company has completed 1, 000 mu of land preparation and afforestation and 13. 1 kilometres of management and protection fence, and planted 162, 500 trees. CaseSinopec Corp. launched the Internet Voluntary Tree Planting project of Saihanba Ecological Demonstration ForestIn 2022 The greening rate of the industrial area of the Company wasThe green coverage rate was 28. 5 32. 3 Employee volunteers planted 1. 939million trees The total amount of green space was The area of newly built or restored green space was 118. 05million square metres 1. 869million square metres Methane recovery Methane emissions Oil & gas exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing segmentIndicators (million cubic metres) Year-on-year 834 253. 79 222. 32 11. 06 20. 412022 717 299. 90 269. 88 10. 01 20. 012021 16. 3 -15. 4 -17. 6 10. 5 2. 0 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 43 44 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Promoting Energy TransitionGreen and Clean Energy Strategy Natural GasSinopec Corp. takes green and clean as one of its development strategies, adheres to ecological priority, green transition, and clean development, actively promotes energy transformation and development, and commits to constructing a clean and low-carbon modern energy supply system and a safe and efficient production, supply, storage, and marketing system, to achieve clean, diverse, and safe energy supply. As a fossil energy with low carbon emission intensity, natural gas plays a key role in the process of energy transition towards green and low-carbon development. The Company accelerates the construction of natural gas production, supply, storage and marketing, and continues to enhance the natural gas supply capacity. In the future, the Company will continue to expand the scale of natural gas business, and improve the supply capacity of natural gas and its proportion in oil and gas production. Oilfield subsidiariesRefining and chemical subsidiariesMarketing subsidiaries 2018 201827639 2019 201929641 2020 202030342 2021 202133944 2022 2022353 45Domestic natural gas production (100 million cubic metres)Proportion of natural gas in domestic oil and gas equivalent Tianjin LNG TerminalsHydrogen Energy The development of hydrogen energy is one of the essential paths to achieve the transformation of global energy structure to cleaner and low-carbon models. With its extensive industry experience and competitive advantages in the hydrogen energy sector, Sinopec Corp. is strategically positioned to capitalise on the major opportunities for the development of hydrogen energy. The Company is accelerating the development of hydrogen energy as a core business of its new energy portfolio, with a particular focus on the utilisation of clean transportation energy and green refining hydrogen energy, and strives to build China's largest and leading hydrogen energy company with leading technologies and first-class management. The Company leverages its industry, technology, and network resources to establish a comprehensive industrial chain of hydrogen energy production, purification, transportation, and sales. Its oilfield subsidiaries are actively developing green electricity for hydrogen production, while its refining and chemical subsidiaries are focused on building national fuel-cell electric vehicle demonstration city clusters, and promote the construction of fuel cell hydrogen supply centres by utilising by-product hydrogen resources. Meanwhile, its marketing subsidiaries are actively and steadily promoting the hydrogenation business, and collaborating with research institutions and relevant enterprises to jointly promote the construction of China's modern hydrogen energy industrial chain. Hydrogen energy mobility 100 of the hydrogen used by refineries is blue hydrogen or produced with non-fossil energy, and help Sinopec Corp. achieve its carbon neutrality target with high quality through green hydrogen refining. Green hydrogen refiningSinopec's 2050 Hydrogen Energy Vision To ensure the supply of oil, gas and hydrogen for the Beijing 2022 Olympics and Paralympic Winter Games, the Company has built three new hydrogen refuelling stations and one oil and hydrogen mixing station, and rebuilt 49 oil stations of Beijing Oil Products and Hebei Oil Products for the Winter Olympics. Four hydrogen refuelling stations, three CNG stations, two LNG stations and 15 gas stations have been set as the supply guarantee stations. The Company served 5, 000 Winter Olympic vehicles in total for more than 30, 800 times of refuelling services and provided 1, 100 tonnes of diesel, hydrogen and natural gas. In September 2022, Sinopec's first short-pipeline hydrogen transmission station, the Pinghu Binhai Comprehensive Energy Station in Jiaxing City, Zhejiang Province, was put into operation. Relying on the advantages of integration, the station actively constructs the application scenario of hydrogen energy transportation, realising the pipeline hydrogen transmission within the station. The station can also serve as a hydrogen parent fueling station, and provide filling services for 5-6 tube trailers every day, realising the wholesale function of hydrogen filling, and improving energy efficiency and economic benefits of the hydrogen refuelling station. Case Case Clean energy boosting green Winter OlympicsSinopec's first short-pipeline hydrogen transmission station was put into operationProgress and Achievements of Hydrogen Energy Business in 2022 The first proton exchange membrane (PEM) hydrogen production demonstration unit with a capacity 30 normal cubic metres hour and the first megawatt level (200 Nm3 h) PEM hydrogen production unit have been put into use in Yanshan Petrochemical Company. Hydrogen Production As of the end of 2022, the Company has built and operated 98 hydrogen refuelling stations, with a total hydrogen refuelling capacity of about 45 tonnes day, making the Company with the most hydrogen refuelling stations in the world. Hydrogen Refuelling Station As of the end of 2022, nine hydrogen supply centres had been built to provide high-purity hydrogen for fuel cells, with a capacity of 19, 000 normal cubic metres hour (about 16, 500 tonnes per year). During the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games, Yanshan Petrochemical Company and Tianjin Petrochemical Company ensured the hydrogen demand for the event. The four hydrogen refuelling stations added 87 tonnes of hydrogen to the vehicles for the Olympic Games, serving 8, 689 vehicles, effectively guaranteeing the hydrogen energy supply for the Beijing Olympic Winter Games. Sinopec's oilfield subsidiaries continue to promote the large-scale photovoltaic power generation, and have developed a regional energy management mode of waste heat photovoltaic oil production and other multi-energy complementation and the load and storage between source and network integration for oil and gas fields. Sinopec's refining and chemical subsidiaries have been actively developing centralised photovoltaic resources in the surrounding areas. As of the end of 2022, the Company has 30 photovoltaic projects under construction and in planning, with a total capacity of 246 MW. In 2022, Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. vigorously promoted new energy utilisation projects by leveraging the natural conditions of Qingdao, a region rich in solar energy resources and suitable for the construction of photovoltaic power stations. The first project is the rooftop photovoltaic power generation project, which installed photovoltaic modules on the roof of office buildings and other buildings by adopting the technical scheme of zonal power generation and nearby grid connection. The installed capacity was about 0. 773 MW. It is estimated that the annual power generation will reach 800, 000 kWh, and the annual carbon dioxide emissions will be reduced by about 465 tonnes. The second project is the regional photovoltaic power generation project, which took the area of open space such as parking lot to install the photovoltaic car shed by adopting the technical scheme of zonal power generation and nearby grid connection. The installed capacity was about 1. 32 MW. It is estimated that the annual power generation will reach 1. 55 million kWh, and the annual carbon dioxide emissions will be reduced by about 901 tonnes. The total installed capacity of the above two photovoltaic power generation projects was about 2. 1 MW, achieving 934, 100 kWh of cumulative power generation and reducing 543 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions by the end of October. The company became one of the first enterprises in Shandong Province to participate in the green electricity transaction and obtain a green electricity consumption certificate, and was one of the first units to have the qualifications for the green electricity pilot transaction in Shandong Province in 2022. In March 2022, the company completed green electricity transaction of 5 million kWh and obtained the green electricity consumption certificate issued by the Beijing Power Exchange Centre, opening a new chapter for the company's energy conservation and carbon reduction efforts. Case CaseQingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. made use of its geographical advantages to vigorously promote photovoltaic power generation projects Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. actively participated in green electricity pilot transaction 88MWInstalled capacity 2, 452Number of distributed photovoltaic power generation projects accumulatively built 23Number of carbon-neutral energy stations built 3Number of carbon- neutral oil depots built Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 47 48 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Facility Material Type City, State ProvinceFirst Collector Annex to the certificate SCS-RSB PC-0048 The following facilities are included in the certificate scope No. 1402, 14th Floor, Innovation Building, Southwest Jiaotong University, No. 111, North 1st Section of 2nd Ring Road, Intelligent City, Jinniu District, Chengdu city, ChinaSichuan Lansu Environmental Protection Technology Co., LTDUsed Cooking Oil Facility Material Type City, State ProvinceIndustrial Operator Jiaochuan Street, Zhenhai district, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, P. R. ChinaSINOPEC Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Sustainable Aviation Fuel Facility Material Type City, State ProvincePoint of Origin Confidential Confidential Used Cooking Oil SCS Global ServicesStanley Mathuram, PE, Executive Vice President 2000 Powell Street, Ste. Certificate Code SCS-RSB PC-0048 RSB Participant Code 2217 Valid from 6 April 2022 to 5 April 2027 This RSB certificate is only valid if duly registered in the RSB database(s) of registered RSB certificates and that the validity of this RSB certificate shall be verified in the RSB database(s) of registered RSB certificates. This certificate itself does not constitute evidence that a particular product supplied by the certificate holder is certified to RSB standards. This certificate shall remain the property of SCS, and all copies and reproductions shall be returned to SCS immediately upon request. Products offered, shipped or sold by the certificate holder can only be considered covered by the scope of this certificate when the required RSB claim is clearly stated on product delivery note. Emeryville, CA 94608 USA CB Registration No. 592Biomass Energy Layout of New Energy Vehicle-Related BusinessesSinopec Corp. actively explores the research and application of bio-jet fuels and increases the production, promotion and supply of biomass energy. Sinopec Corp. actively embraces the electric, intelligent and networking development trend of new energy vehicles, and continues to promote the construction of charging and replacement stations based on the location advantage of its gas stations. It cooperates with relevant enterprises to build replacement refuelling stations and actively promote the power bank service. Therefore, the adoption of more environmentally friendly and sustainable jet fuel has become crucial to reducing carbon emissions in the civil aviation industry. Bio-jet fuel, generated from renewable resources such as vegetable oils, animal fats, and catering waste oil, is a sustainable alternative to traditional petroleum-based jet fuel. Over the course of its life cycle, bio- jet fuel can reduce carbon emissions by more than 50 compared to traditional jet fuel. In August 2020, Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company completed the construction of China's first bio-jet fuel production facility with a production capacity of 100, 000 tonnes year. In April 2022, the facility was awarded Asia's first global Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB) sustainable bio-jet fuel certificate by SCS, an international certification body. In September of the same year, the facility became the first to receive the domestic bio-jet fuel airworthiness certification, allowing it to be put on the market as a sustainable alternative to traditional jet fuel. Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company has partnered with many airlines to use the produced sustainable jet fuel in commercial flights at home and abroad. Compared with traditional jet fuel, bio- jet fuel reduce carbon dioxide emissions by up to 85 through the whole life cycle. By the end of 2022, the Company had built 2, 171 charging stations and 128 replacement stations. Sinopec Corp. has deepened the integration of IUR (Industry-University-Research), to drive technological innovation in lightweight materials for automobiles. This collaborative effort has led to the establishment of a joint centre for automobile lightweight non- metallic materials, with research conducted on the lightweight processing technology of synthetic resin, synthetic rubber, synthetic fibre, and other composite materials and products. Additionally, Sinopec Corp. has developed a high-value recycling technology for waste plastics, successfully recycling and utilising automobile lightweight materials, and effectively reducing the carbon footprint. The Company has successfully developed functionalised solution-polymerised styrene-butadiene rubber for green tires, hydrogenated styrene butadiene thermoplastic elastomer for automotive skin, high thermal conductivity rubber for non-pneumatic tires, and ultra-low-pressure ethylene-propylene rubber polypropylene dynamic vulcanised rubber materials, further enriching the types of Sinopec's lightweight rubber products. In July 2022, Sinopec Corp. constructed its first heavy truck replacement station at the Baijiawang Comprehensive Energy Station in Yibin, Sichuan. The station provides battery replacement services for trucks transporting ore, commercial concrete, and waste in the surrounding areas. The replacement station uses a top-mounted battery replacement mode and carries seven 282 kWh power batteries, each capable of supporting vehicle operations for approximately 150 kilometres. Since every single battery replacement needs to take about 3 minutes, the station is able to meet the battery replacement demands of 168 electric heavy trucks per day. The completion and operation of the heavy truck replacement station mark Sinopec's entry into the field of heavy truck battery replacement. This move follows the Company's successful development of businesses in hydrogen energy, photovoltaics, and automobile charging and replacement, and is another substantive step in its transformation into an integrated energy service provider for oil, gas, hydrogen, electricity, and non-fuel businesses. The station features a photovoltaic canopy that integrates light and charge technology, generating up to 370 kWh of power daily. With 24 parking spaces and charging infrastructure, the station's group charging and control technology equipment delivers a maximum output of 180 kW per pile, enabling the complete charging of a family car within just 25 minutes. Case CaseSinopec Corp. built the first heavy truck replacement station Comprehensive services for customers at the Lianhua Charging Station in Fujian Province Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 49 50 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Protecting the Environment03 Environmental Protection Management and Targets Water Resources Management Land Resource Management Control of Atmospheric Pollutants Solid Waste Management Prevention of Hydrocarbon Leakage Biodiversity Conservation51 54 57 57 59 61 62 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 51 52 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Environmental Protection Management and TargetsIn line with its commitment to sustainable development concept, Sinopec Corp. strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations on environmental protection. Through its Green Enterprise Campaign, the Company has implemented a series of measures aimed at actively encouraging all subsidiaries to strengthen their environmental impact and risk management efforts, with the ultimate goal of minimising their operational environmental footprint. Environmental Management System and TargetsThe Board of Directors and its Sustainability Committee are responsible for reviewing the Company's major environment-related decisions. The HSE Management Committee which is part of the management body, is responsible for reviewing the Company's environmental protection plans, relevant regulations and rules, and supervising the implementation of environmental protection initiatives. By the end of 2022, a total of 28 subsidiaries of the Company had obtained the certification of the ISO14000 environmental management system. In 2022, the Environmental Protection Sub-Committee of the HSE Management Committee implemented a series of measures aimed at optimising the monitoring indicators of environmental protection. These measures included monthly tracking and analysis of indicators, with improvements and rectifications made as necessary, promoting the completion of 17 research topics and key tasks, completing the professional review of 7 first-level environmental protection enterprise standards, and gradually improving the Company's environmental protection standard system. In addition, the Company formulated a special supervision mechanism for ecological and environmental protection, and appointed environmental protection supervisors to carry out special supervision on 30 subsidiaries including oil and gas field subsidiaries, refining and chemical subsidiaries and marketing subsidiaries, to identify the shortcomings of environmental protection management, put forward systematic solutions, raise the awareness and ability of all employees in ecological and environmental protection, and demonstrate its commitment to fulfilling its ecological and environmental protection responsibilities. Sinopec Corp. launched the Green Enterprise Campaign in 2018 as an essential step in implementing its green and clean development strategy. All subsidiaries were directed to establish green grassroots units, resulting in comprehensive consolidation of the foundation for green development. Indicators such as clean energy, green products, resource and energy utilisation, pollutant emissions, GHG emissions, and facility greening were completed as planned. subsidiaries were awarded the title of Sinopec's Green Enterprise in 2022. By the end of 2022, the Company had established 114 green enterprises, and 19, 900 green grassroots units, meeting the annual goals and requirements. Each subsidiary has issued its specific version of the manual according to its own production and operation characteristics. These manuals form the foundation of the environmental protection system, consisting of 16 core policies as the main body, including the Measures for the Environmental Information Management, the Measures for Ecological Environment Events Management, the Measures for Accountability of Ecological Environment Events Management, the Measures for Response to Environmental Emergency Risk and Management, the Measures for Radioactive Accident Management, etc. Targets for 2023 Water resources management targets Effluents and emissions management targets 12 12 18 18 Ammonia-nitrogen reductionCOD reductionSO 2 reductionNO X reductionStriving to reduce the amount of fresh water withdrawal for industrial use by no less than 1 per year Note Taking the 2017 data as baseline data. Management of Environmental ImpactThe Company continues to strengthen the management of environmental impact. To this end, it has formulated regulations such as the Measures for Environmental Management, the Measures for Ecological Management, the Measures for Environmental Management of Construction Projects, and the Management Regulations for Environmental Protection Inspection after Completion of Construction Projects to strengthen the environmental protection management throughout the construction projects and minimise any negative impact on the surrounding ecological environment and communities. Construction All production facilities belonging to the upstream, midstream and downstream subsidiaries of the Company, including their subordinate units, have obtained the pollutant discharge permits or have completed the registration of the pollutant discharge permit information. Key pollutant discharge units have cooperated fully with regulatory authorities to conduct monitoring activities. The units have installed online monitoring facilities that transmit real- time data to national and local regulatory platforms. Environmental Monitoring Actively implemented the national Notice on the In-Depth Implementation of the Clean Production Audit Work in Key Industries, continued to optimise clean production related systems and processes, and supervised and guided subsidiaries to continuously reduce the total amount of pollutant emissions. Cleaned the waste materials and garbage on the construction sites after completing the project according to the principle of work completed, material collected, site cleaned, and recycled the waste as much as possible. Clean Production Formulated the Guidelines for the Preparation of Emergency Plans for Emergent Environmental Incidents and the Guiding Opinions on the Provision of Emergency Supplies for Emergent Environmental Incidents to ensure timely and proper treatment of environmental incidents to reduce pollution loss and mitigate the ecological damage. Emergency Response Standardised the conduction of environmental protection inspection after completion, and controlled the audit and verification pass before the project is officially put into production. Conducted post-environmental impact assessments as required, carried out ecological rectification and restoration according to the assessment results, and continuously improved the environmental protection management level of the whole life cycle of construction projects. The Company has optimised the environmental risk identification and assessment methods and processes by assigning risk control capability index, risk index correction coefficient, and environmental risk level distribution. In 2022, the Company identified a total of 41 Tier-1 environmental risks. Through the formulation and implementation of a tiered environmental risk management and control plan, as well as by implementing environmental risk management and control accountabilities and addressing potential environmental risks, the Company successfully degraded 30 of these risks, accelerating the withdrawal of facilities in the ecological protection red-line areas. The Company attaches great importance to communications with stakeholders such as local government and community members, establishes the environment complaint mechanism, discloses environmental information and sets up the 24-hour complaint hotline at key well sites and stations, and takes the initiative to accept social supervision. In the Sinopec Environmental Protection Management Regulations, the Company stipulates that With regards to negative environmental information on environmental issues such as being listed on national and local government supervisory agendas, receipt of notices or environmental administrative penalties, excessive amounts beyond standards and violations found in government supervision and monitoring at all levels, being sued for environmental issues or being exposed by the media, etc., the Company shall report the information through the environmental protection information system within three working days. Late reporting or concealment of information shall be severely punished. Through the appointment of external community supervisors and regular and occasional seminars, all subsidiaries have established the mechanism to engage local communities and the public to collect and handle opinions and make feedback. Significant environmental incidents shall be promptly reported to relevant departments at the headquarters to promote its rectification through the joint working mechanism. The employees of Shengli Oilfield Hekou Oil Production Plant conduct intensive inspections on the oil pipelinesWater Resources ManagementAdhering to the water resource management principle of prioritising conservation and balancing the production and supply, Sinopec Corp. formulated and implemented the Measures for Water Resources Conservation and aims to reduce the amount of freshwater for industrial use by 1 annually. Additionally, the Company systematically optimises the water consumption structure, implements the project of replacing clean water with wastewater, and strengthens the reuse of sewage and wastewater. Moreover, the Company attaches great importance to the investigation and monitoring of groundwater to prevent groundwater pollution. Tier-1 risk sources Tier-2 risk sources Tier-3 risk sourcesEnvironmental Risk Management Operating Procedures Report Tier-1 risk sources to the headquarters Report Tier-1 risk sources to the business units for review and conformation Tier-2 and Tier-3 risk sources are managed by Subsidiaries and branches Develop guidelines for environmental risk identification and assessment Supervise and inspect the environmental risks and emergency management of business units and subsidiaries Carry out spot environmental risk inspections Carry out environment risk identification and assessmentHeadquarters Business segment Subsidiaries and branches Frontline enterprises Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 55 56 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Water ConservationSinopec Corp.'s industrial water mainly comes from surface water, groundwater and municipal water supply. The Company has obtained water withdrawal permits for all of these sources. The Company has formulated and implemented the Sinopec Measures for Water Resources Conservation, the Guidelines for Water Conservation in Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Plan and other documents, formulated water conservation plans according to the principle of one specific plan for one subsidiary, and continued to strengthen water conservation management, adopting more economical and intensive water use modes, comprehensively improving water efficiency and effectiveness, and building water-saving enterprises. In the selection of the 2022 Water Efficiency Front-runner Enterprise in petroleum and chemical industry, 8 subsidiaries of the Company including Jinling Petrochemical Company, Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd., Shijiazhuang Refining and Chemical Company, Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company were named as Water Efficiency Front-runner Model Enterprises. Sewage TreatmentThe Company comprehensively promotes clean production, strengthens the management of water pollution prevention and control facilities, and improves water pollution prevention and control in a way stricter than national and local discharge standards, with a focus on strictly controlling the risk of water pollution. As required by the government, to monitor water pollutant discharge in real-time, the Company has implemented early warning and alarm systems to quickly detect and manage issues, to achieve the standard discharge of water pollutants. In 2022, the annual comprehensive wastewater compliance rate of all subsidiaries of the Company was 100, with the total amount of water pollutant discharge constantly decreasing. Groundwater ManagementIn 2022, the Company completed the review of the corporate standard Technical Specification for Groundwater Investigation and Evaluation of Land for Corporate Use. All subsidiaries continued to conduct self-monitoring of groundwater and strictly implemented the system for investigating potential soil pollution hazards and corporate requirements for self-monitoring. The Company actively organised its subsidiaries to apply for the Major State Projects for Soil Pollution Source Control Projects and the pilot project of controlling while producing. We conducted special supervision and inspection on potential soil hazards and monitored key soil regulatory enterprises in major basins of the Yangtze River and the Yellow River. The marketing subsidiaries actively investigate and prevent groundwater pollution. In 2022, the Company organised subsidiaries along the Yangtze River and Yellow River basins to clean up and dispose of 105, 000 tonnes of solid waste in solid waste landfills. Guangzhou Petrochemical Company Conducted the high - low salinity sulfur- containing sewage source-separated treatment, and controlled the discharge of sulfur-containing sewage, achieving 100 reuse of low salt sulfur-containing sewage, reducing the external discharge of sewage by 30. 3, increasing the amount of recycled sewage by 16. 1 and the sewage reuse rate from 62 to 68, and saving more than RMB 3. 8 million annually. Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company Controlled the concentration of suspended solids in the desulfurised purified water and increased the reuse amount of the purified water during the water injection process of the hydrogenation unit, which raised from 9. 1m h to 54. 1m h. Increased the reuse amount of the power centre's up-to-standard discharged sewage by optimising pipe network and improving water treatment scheme, with the highest reuse rate of 75. Case Improving water efficiency and building water-saving enterprises Adhered to the principle of determining production volume based on the water use plan, strengthened the constraints on the carrying capacity of water resources and water environment, planned rational development layout and scale, optimised and adjusted the industrial structure. Supervised subsidiaries to establish standing books of water withdrawal points and water withdrawal permits, formulated and tracked the implementation of rectification measures to troubleshoot any problems, ensuring that the water is taken in according to permits. Optimised water consumption structure, used unconventional water resources to replace fresh water, and reduced the consumption of fresh water. Conducted rainwater and sewage diversion upgrade, visualised sewage pipe network upgrade, and sewage plant upgrade, built the information module of sewage and rainwater pipe network, and increased the intensity of sewage reuse. Promoted subsidiaries at all levels to strengthen the utilisation of sewage resources and reduce external drainage through technological innovation, process improvement and other methods. Vigorously conducted water balance test and leakage detection and elimination of water supply pipe networks, upgraded and transformed old pipelines, to reduce water loss due to leakage. Water Withdrawal Control at the Source Water Resources RecyclingWater Consumption Metering ManagementWater Efficiency Front-runner Refining Model EnterprisesJinling Petrochemical Company, Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Shijiazhuang Refining & Chemical Company Water Efficiency Front-runner Ethylene Production Model EnterprisesMaoming Petrochemical Company, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company, Sino-Korea (Wuhan) Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Front-runner Coal-to- methanol Model EnterprisesSinopec Great Wall Energy & Chemical (Ningxia) Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Front-runner Coal-to-olefin Model EnterprisesZTHC EnergyWater Efficiency Front-runner Petroleum Refining EnterprisesQingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Tianjin Petrochemical Company, Qingdao Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Water Efficiency Front-runner Ethylene Production EnterprisesSino-Korea (Wuhan) Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company, Yanshan Petrochemical Company, Shanghai SECCO Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Front-runner Coal-to- methanol EnterprisesSinopec Great Wall Energy & Chemical (Ningxia) Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Front-runner Enterprise of national key water-using enterprises in 2022 Water Efficiency Front-runner Model Enterprises of the petroleum and chemical industry in 2022 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 57 58 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Land Resource ManagementThe Company strictly abides by national policies and regulations such as the Land Administration Law of the People's Republic of China and the Soil Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China and has formulated the Sinopec Land Management Measures, to strengthen the management of land resources and standardise the handling of land use procedures according to the principle of intensive, efficient and green land use. The subsidiaries are required to minimise the use of arable land, timely reclaim idle land, and restore soil after land use in accordance with relevant national regulations to promote sustainable land resource use. Control of Atmospheric PollutantsThe Company strictly implements the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China and other national and local regulations for air pollution prevention and control and has formulated the Sinopec Regulations for Pollution Prevention and Control, to comprehensively improve air pollution prevention and control. The Company has issued the energy and environmental responsibility commitment to all subsidiaries, which outlines emission reduction goals and control tasks and includes them in the annual evaluation process. The Company has adjusted the control scope in a scientific manner and timely initiated emergency plans during severely polluted weather conditions and made timely adjustments to production equipment and environmental protection device to fully meet the requirements of air pollution control, emission reduction targets and air quality assurance requirements during major activities. The Company formulated and implemented the Special Action Plan for Ozone Pollution Prevention and Control and vigorously promoted the implementation of emission reduction projects in a way stricter than national and local standards for emission concentration of NOx and VOCs. In 2022, all subsidiaries of the Company achieved the annual target for comprehensive control of exhaust gas, with a compliance rate of 99. 5. Intensive land use to strengthen land regulation Deploy land use for the next year at the end of each year and adjust the plan appropriately according to the actual situation in the middle of the year. Land located near farmland and eligible for reclamation will be returned to the local government after reclamation. Efficient land use to revitalise land resources Green land use to build an ecological barrierSinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 57 58 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 59 60 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Solid Waste ManagementIn accordance with the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes, Sinopec Corp. classified and managed the wastes generated from production and operation, and disposed of all of them in a proper and comprehensive utilisation manner or in a harmless manner. Adhering to the principle of reduction, recycling, harmless disposal of waste, and planned management for solid waste disposal, the Company continuously improved relevant policies and systems in alignment with the solid waste management goals and tasks during the 14th Five-Year Plan period. In 2022, the Company achieved a 100 disposal rate for hazardous waste, fully meeting the target for the year. In 2022, the Company launched the pilot construction of the Waste-Free Group, issued the Waste-Free Group Pilot Construction Work Programme, the Construction Index System for Waste-Free Group, the Evaluation Index for Waste-Free Group Construction, the Implementation Plan for Special Safety Rectification of Hazardous Waste Disposal, and other policies, and conducted solid waste reduction in various forms. In 2022, the Company's hazardous waste production decreased by 5 year on year. In addition, the Company has developed the Reference List for Classification of General Industrial Solid Wastes for Inspection, Maintenance, Overhaul and Reconstruction of Refining and Chemical Enterprises and the Reference List for Classification of Construction Wastes for Inspection, Maintenance, Overhaul and Reconstruction of Refining and Chemical Enterprises to improve source identification and classified storage management of hazardous wastes and other solid wastes. In 2022, the Company intensified its efforts in R&D of eco-friendly packaging and the promotion of high-performance materials and thinning technology for packaging bags. The Company prioritised the enhancement of packaging recycling and conducted beneficial explorations and practices to conserve resources and mitigate plastic pollution. Hazardous waste General industrial solid wasteHandled by entities with proper technologies for comprehensive utilisation or sent to landfills for safe treatment. Construction wasteUtilised in accordance with the disposal plan approved by the local government, or sent to designated landfills. By promoting the use of shared pallets, Sinopec Corp. has realised the delivery of synthetic resin products with pallets and films, which has comprehensively improved the speed and efficiency of logistics operations. If wooden pallets is useless after three cycles, the carbon emissions generated by solid waste incineration each year will be 6, 722 tonnes. If one timber tree can be made into six standardised pallets, the recycling can save 23, 000 trees from being cut down. Nowadays, shared pallets have been promoted and applied widely by manufacturers and logistics carriers. Some of the Company's subsidiaries such as Fujian Refining and Petrochemical Co., Ltd. have started to use 0. 10 mm packaging bags within a small scale. In 2022, 16. 5 million tonnes of resin products were packed with the thinned FFS heavy film packaging bags, reducing the use of 17, 000 tonnes of FFS heavy film and carbon emissions by 85, 000 tonnes per year. Case CaseShared pallet recycling Thinning the FFS heavy film packaging bags Amount of non-hazardous solid waste (thousand tonnes) Amount of hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Compliance rate of solid waste disposal ( ) Percentage of hazardous solid waste disposed properly ( )Indicators 1, 710. 8 731. 1 100 1002020 1, 931. 6 461. 0 100 1002021 2, 036. 9 515. 0 100 1002022 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 61 62 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Prevention of Hydrocarbon LeakageThe Company formulates management regulations such as the Manual for the HSE Management System, the Sinopec Environmental Management and Protection Regulations, and the Sinopec Pollution Prevention and Control Management Regulations to guide subsidiaries to carry out hydrocarbon leakage prevention and control. The headquarters of the Company and the management departments of each subsidiary regularly conduct on- site inspections using infrared detectors and other equipment to strengthen leak detection and repair (LDAR) management and control odour in the plant. The marketing subsidiaries have installed oil and gas recovery equipment and facilities in all warehouses and stations, achieving 100 up-to-standard emission of VOCs actively implemented the requirements of the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Oil Storage Tanks, and conducted troubleshooting for potential hazards in oil depots. In 2022, the marketing subsidiaries closed and unloaded a total of 86 oil depots to eliminate environmental hazards. In accordance with the requirements of the Volatile Organic Pollutants Fugitive Emission Standard, in 2022, the marketing subsidiaries conducted LDAR maintenance for 137 oil depots and completed the detection and repair of the leakage points. The marketing subsidiaries carried out statistical analysis on key equipment such as the vacuum pump, refuelling gun, and oil and gas recovery and treatment device, and optimised equipment selection to improve the stability and compliance of the oil and gas recovery system of gas stations. Real-time monitoring of VOCs components in the device areaBiodiversity ConservationIn strict compliance with the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity, the Company attaches great importance to the protection of the ecological environment. The Company required all construction projects in ecologically sensitive areas to adopt strict ecological protection and restoration measures. The Company requires related parties to strictly comply with the Three Lines and One List regulation as well as the general requirements for relevant planning and environmental impact assessment, with regard to the site (route) selection, layout, and scale of construction projects. For 13 consecutive years, it has monitored six major elements of the environment, including air, surface water, land, vegetation, etc. in the Puguang gas field and surrounding areas, with a total of more than 34, 000 entries of monitoring data and 3, 000 comparison photos obtained so far. The ecological tracking results show that the local ecological functions have not been affected by gas field development. The Company integrated biodiversity conservation into annual energy and environment performance evaluation system. Operation site recovery and improvement Proposed that the construction unit is the responsible subject of environmental protection during construction. Contractor and supplier management Conducted fish and shrimp proliferation and release, supplemented and restored aquatic biological resources, improved the water environment, and optimised the structure of the fishery resource community. In case of ecological damage, restoration shall be carried out according to the requirements of the competent department of ecologically sensitive areas. Subsidiaries have formulated their own management requirements for ecological protection and implemented them in specific work. Action against deforestation For mining areas containing major wetlands, nature reserves, forest parks and other environmentally sensitive areas, the extension and change process of mining rights should avoid all kinds of sensitive areas. Ecological protection of mining areasSinopec Environmental Management Regulations Strictly in compliance with state environmental protection requirements, project construction, operation and decommissioning (relocation) shall have their respective ecological protection plans formulated and implemented, shall take effective measures to reduce the disturbance to the ecological environment, shall carry out the necessary ecological assessment, monitoring, restoration, and statistic studies as required, to protect biodiversity in surrounding areas and ensure ecological safety and stability. Sinopec Ecological Management Measures All units shall strictly manage their production and operation, reduce the disturbance of production and operation to the ecological environment, protect biodiversity, and ensure ecological safety. New projects should give priority to avoiding ecologically sensitive areas. Projects are not allowed to start without permits. In December 2022, Sinopec Corp. and other two Chinese enterprises were selected into the Business Handbook for Biodiversity Conservation Cases Summary, which was jointly prepared by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and other institutions and released at the China Corner side event of the second phase of the Fifteenth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on climate change (COP15) in Montreal, Canada. Case Sinopec's subsidiaries were selected in the Business Handbook for Biodiversity Conservation Cases Summary Mansarover Energy Colombia Ltd. took the initiative to investigate the status of the ecosystem in the region, arranged operation activities according to the regional characteristics, and monitored the changes of the ecosystem. The company carries out ecological surveys every year to track the status of fauna and flora in the area where it operates, and monitor the development of key species, helping find the endangered species to a certain extent. In addition, Mansarover rescued local representative species in its oilfield blocks, such as red-footed sea turtles and white-faced capuchins after joining the biological protection and release program in 2018. Case Mansarover actively protects the ecosystem and biodiversityMain Actions for Biodiversity Conservation Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 65 66 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Building a Solid Safety Defence Line04 Safety Management System Production Safety Contractor Safety Occupational Health Logistics Safety Information Security Security67 69 70 71 74 75 76 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 67 68 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Safety Management System HSE Management System Safety Risk Identification and MitigationSinopec Corp. has set a goal of achieving zero casualties, zero pollution, zero accidents. To this end, the Company follows the basic policies of organisation leads, and all employees participate; manage and control risks, and strength the fundamentals, adheres to the concept of safety first, environmental protection foremost, physical and mental health of employees, and strict, detailed, effective and consistent implementation, and has formulated and implemented management measures such as the Sinopec HSE Management System Manual. The HSE Committee holds monthly and quarterly meetings to summarise and analyse the critical aspects of HSE management and plan for the next steps to enhance the efficient operation of the HSE management system. To this end, the Company has implemented a range of measures aimed at deepening the application of the risk assessment management platform, promoting systematic, regular, standardised and informationalised identification and assessment of risks, and building a dual prevention mechanism of tiered control and hazard detection and management and eliminating the weak links of safety management. The Company carries out an annual safety risk identification and assessment. This process firstly involves creating a risk identification list from the bottom to the top level, followed by determining the list of major risks under the Company's special supervision based on the identification and evaluation results of its subsidiaries. In 2022, the Company organised the construction of a dual prevention and intelligent control platform for tiered risk control and hazards detection and rectification, which facilitated online risk identification and evaluation for 2, 449 major hazard sources of 96 enterprises. The Company integrated auxiliary functions such as risk monitoring and early warning, operational risk management and control, video intelligent analysis, personnel positioning, intelligent patrol and inspection into the platform, and upgraded the original Petrochemical HSE Assessment & Management System (PHAMS). All subsidiaries regularly carry out joint emergency drills with the local government to effectively improve the emergency response capacity against major accidents. In 2022, the Company conducted HSE management system audits for its 82 subsidiaries and incorporated the audit results into the performance evaluation system. Work plans for enterprise safety performance evaluation were formulated and the evaluation results were taken into account while selecting advanced enterprises of safety production. Proportion of contractors passing occupational health and safety management system certification ( )Indicator 1002020 2021 2022 100 100Focusing on the improvement of contractors' safety awareness and management level, the Company has developed systems such as the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Contractors, and the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Key Materials Supply. These systems clearly define the requirements for contractor safety qualification review, safety supervision and management, inspection and supervision, and assessment of bidding, contract signing, subcontracting, project commencement, on-site construction, special operations, and other processes. In 2022, the Company organised the whole system to carry out special rectification for contractor safety, and conducted special supervision and inspection on several high-risk construction projects. For any contractor violations found, the enterprise was ordered to immediately suspend construction, undergo accountability evaluation and carry out necessary rectification measures. The Company strictly controlled the safety risks of high- risk construction projects and released a series of cautionary videos of high-risk operation accidents, to enhance the safety awareness of the contractor's personnel. The Company conducted quantitative assessment of contractors, evaluating their safety, quality, and comprehensive management behaviour throughout the entire construction process, thereby promoting contractors to comprehensively inspect and improve their own compliance behaviours. In 2022, the Company conducted safety assessments on 2, 857 direct operators, cleared 67 operators from the construction site and cancelled the operating qualifications of 134 personnel. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company obtained the first International Safety Rating System (ISRS) seven-level certificate in the national petrochemical industry and became the first enterprise to reach level seven in the petrochemical industry in China. Safety performance evaluation review Formulated an oil spill control system, comprehensively identified oil spill risk points, formed a risk control list, and developed corresponding management and emergency response measures. Sinopec strictly abides by the Safety Production Law of the People's Republic of China, the Occupational Diseases Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations, ensures the comprehensive prevention and control of occupational diseases, and actively promotes health management of employees about their work and life both physically and mentally. Management of Hazard Risks for Occupational DiseasesManagement of Employees' Occupational Health The Company attaches great importance to identifying, evaluating, and controlling occupational health risks and has integrated the management of occupational disease hazard risks into its comprehensive risk management system for an integrated approach to management. Together with the national departments of disease control and prevention, the Company conducted a thorough deeply investigation to grasp the pattern of occupational diseases, analysing and summarising the incidence of occupational diseases in the past decade, and formulated targeted improvement measures for key occupational diseases such as noise deafness and benzene poisoning, to effectively protect the health of employees. These guides provided guidance and direction to subsidiaries in the inspection and management of excessive noise positions and workplaces. The Company has effectively managed and controlled noise hazards, as well as required subsidiaries to treat excessive noise as an occupational health hazard, and tracked the progress of excessive noise treatment in each subsidiary. We conducted noise control experience-sharing activities to promote advanced noise control technologies and management measures and summarised the noise control experience. In 2022, the Company spot-checked the occupational disease evaluation reports of 33 oil fields and refining subsidiaries. Any existing management and technical problems were immediately notified, and specific rectification measures were proposed. Enterprises with serious hazards, such as oilfield, refining and chemical subsidiaries, were thoroughly reviewed and monitored to ensure the occupational health and safety of all employees. Sinopec Corp. actively promotes the management of employees' occupational health by combining the occupational health management concept with the HSE management system. Organising staff to learn about the Occupational Diseases Prevention and Control LawThe Company's health and safety activities in 2022 9, 000thematic publicity activitiesMore than 30, 000slogan bannersCreating over 6, 000consultation activitiesMore than 30, 000publicity personnelDeploying more than 500, 000 Covering Set the two indicators of new occupational diseases and non-productive death as the monitoring indicators of the Company's HSE Committee. Indicators such as the control of excessive hazards, the provision of flame-retardant work clothes, the quality inspection of labour protection materials, the occupational health knowledge education, and the implementation of EAP, are set as the monitoring indicators of the sub-committee. The Smart Helmet Project has completed the site construction and entered the trial operation stage. New technologies such as hazard alarm smart chip and portable hydrogen sulfide alarm have entered the development stage, providing convenient and safe protection for employees who works in the hydrogen sulfide distribution environment. Sinopec Corp. adheres to operating modes of the Employee Assistance Programmes (EAP) and scientifically protects the mental health of employees. In 2022, the Company further expanded the coverage of EAP service, integrated EAP with production safety management, and strengthened the range of psychological counselling services so that the EAP can reach more employees. Logistics SafetyThe Company places great emphasis on the prevention and control of safety risks associated with hazardous chemicals and considers it a top priority in its logistics safety management. In response to the newly released National Centralised Management Plan for Safety Risks of Hazardous Chemicals, the Company has formulated a series of management measures to ensure compliance with the new regulations on hazardous chemicals. The Company sees the construction of systematic platforms as one of the important measures to ensure logistics safety. EPEC launched a logistics cloud platform that enables transparent, efficient, and traceable transactions for logistics operations. The platform integrates logistics information with purchase orders and business processes, providing full-process traceability of logistic information from order handling, distribution, storage, to delivery. As of the end of 2022, 4, 089 logistics service providers had registered on the platform. Organised special education and training activities to ensure that employees fully understand and adhere to the new chemical laws and regulations, and integrate them into their daily work. The training program covers specific practical operation links such as common cargo waterways highways, dangerous cargo waterways highways, hazardous chemical loading and unloading, ethylene oxide logistics, etc. Key Points of Logistics Safety Training in 2022 Practical operation safety in logisticsApplication of information technology in logisticsSpecial training themed promoting rectification by case-sharing Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 75 76 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Information SecurityIn strict compliance with the provisions of the Cyber Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Classified Protection of Network Security, the Regulations on Security Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure and other laws and regulations, the Company developed a network security management policy and standard system centred on the Sinopec Network Security Management Measures. The group reviews and approves medium and long-term network security plans, annual plans, and key work, providing guidance, coordination, supervision, and inspection of the network security of the Company to ensure the implementation of various network security tasks and responsibilities, to effectively prevent the misuse of customers' personal information and to ensure that the personal information collected from customers is used only for lawful and relevant purposes. In 2022, the Company conducted a comprehensive analysis of information risks, implemented a series of targeted strategies and measures, and comprehensively enhanced information security management. Employees can report any information or network security concerns to the Sinopec Security Response Centre (SSRC) through three channels when suspicious matters of information security network security are found by reporting the incidents through the security operation platform to form a full closed-loop management according to the incident handling process; by contacting the local communication group through the Company's internal communication software; by preparing a safety incident briefing and reporting it via email. SecurityAdhering to the overseas security concept of people-oriented, prevention first and safe development, Sinopec Corp. continues to optimise its overseas security management system and operation mechanism, and has maintained the zero death overseas security performance for 15 consecutive years. The Company promotes the development of overseas security emergency command systems and intranet deployment, continues to improve overseas security management systems, focuses on security risks in high-risk countries (regions) and key areas, and strengthens overseas security inspection and emergency drills. We actively organise overseas safety training and place great emphasis on the physical and mental health management of overseas employees. As of the end of 2022, the Company has published two issues of the Overseas Security Risk Assessment Report, identifying 138 security risks, organised 70 overseas security training courses, covering 1, 697 people, as well as the training for all overseas security prevention personnel, with a total of 9, 723 participants, and published 124 issues of various publications on risk tracking, risk alert and situation analysis, including an issue of Annual Information Report on Country Risk and 4 issues of Country Risk Alert. Northwest Oilfield Cyber Security Propaganda at well stations Continued to revise and improve management measures such as the Sinopec Network Security Management Measures and Sinopec Network Security and the Informatisation Assessment Regulation, and updated technical specifications such as the Network Equipment Security Baseline. Conducted internal attack and defence drills to evaluate the Company's ability to resist risks, continuously tracked and rectified the problems found in the pre- drill, comprehensively improving the Company's network security protection and the ability to resist risks. SSRC dynamically monitored the Company's network, actively identified security hazards and vulnerabilities, analysed network attacks in real-time, and promptly responded to the threats of network irregularities. It also strictly implements relevant domestic laws such as the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, and relevant laws, regulations and systems of other countries where it is operated, as well as standards such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the National Human Rights Action Plan (2021-2025). Furthermore, the Company never disregards and tramples on human rights, always adheres to the principle of equal and non-discriminatory employment, treats employees of different genders, regions, races and religious beliefs fairly and equitably, promotes the construction of a diverse workforce, respects and protects the rights and interests of employees, contractors and suppliers as well as occupational health and safety, and builds a harmonious, stable and healthy labour relationship. Diversity and Equal Opportunity Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the all-around development of its employees, actively promotes workforce diversity, and strives to create a diverse workplace. The Company provides equal opportunities for career development and fair compensation for all employees. Meanwhile, the Company fully protects the employment rights of individuals with disabilities, effectively manages the placement and support of its disabled employees, attends to their daily needs, and takes various measures to ensure the stability of their employment. In the meantime, the Company actively implements maternity and lactation leave provisions and a regular health examination system and places a priority on the physical and mental well-being of its female employees. Through the formulation of relevant systems and measures, we will supervise the overseas employment process and fully protect the legitimate rights and interests of overseas employees. The Company signs written labour contracts with employees based on the principles of equality, voluntariness, and consensus. These contracts, approved or supervised by the local labour department, outline the terms of employment including the contract term, job duties and work place, working hours and breaks and vacation clauses, labour remuneration clauses, labour protection and occupational hazard protection clauses, and meet the necessary requirements outlined in labour contract regulations. In addition, the Company has also formulated a supporting labour management system for employees to ensure the strict implementation of these contracts and the protection of its employees' rights and interests. The Company reviews and confirms its recruitment practices and systems annually to avoid child labour and forced labour. Sinopec Corp. actively implements the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, builds harmonious labour relations, and promotes the fundamental principles of decent work. It consciously resists any violations of human rights and takes a zero-tolerance approach to discrimination based on nationality, gender, age, race, religion, pregnancy, or disability in areas such as recruitment, advancement, training, and compensation. Constructing Harmonious Labour RelationsProtecting Legitimate Rights and Interests of EmployeesStrengthening the Protection of Human Rights of Overseas EmployeesPercentage of female employees31 4. 2 Percentage of ethnic minority employees Employee Communication and ParticipationThe Company has established and continuously improved rules and regulations such as those related to collective consultation as well as employees' congress and has implemented a democratic management plan. The Company protects the legitimate rights of employees, including the right to know, the right to participate, and the right to supervise, and encouraged employees to actively engage in its democratic management, allowing every employee to play a role in its development. The employees' congress serves as a vital communication channel between Sinopec Corp. and its employees. The Company regularly encourages employee representatives to make proposals regarding issues such as safety production, environmental protection, enterprise management, production and operation, salary distribution, employee education and welfare. The responsible departments are required to gather and provide feedback on these proposals. Meanwhile, a sound closed-loop feedback mechanism for processing proposals has been established, and the unprocessed proposals are submitted to the employee representatives in writing in a timely manner to give reasonable explanations. The Company actively organizes and carries out collective consultation, gathering the opinions of employee representatives in the process. Furthermore, it strengthens the communication between the labour union and the human resources department, and works together to negotiate the terms of the collective contract and special contract. After approval by the employees' congress, the labour union representative and the human resources representative sign the contract, ensuring that it accurately reflects the needs and interests of employees and protects their rights. In addition, the working committee of the Company's labour union insists on carrying out thousands of grass-root family visits to engage with employees and their families. The committee has established and improved the long-term visiting mechanism, encouraging leaders at all levels to visit grass-roots teams and employees' families, listen to employee concerns, gather feedback, and actively address pressing issues. Human Resources Risk ManagementSinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the risk management of human resources, specifically in regard to brain drain. The Company systematically and comprehensively monitors brain drain, the factors contributing to higher rates of turnover. In recent years, the Company's turnover rate has stabilised, crossed the inflection point and its efforts have effectively addressed the issue of brain drain. Salary and BenefitsThe Company implements a parallel distribution policy for salary and non-salary incentives, utilising targeted hierarchical management. Its multi-dimensional and multi- level salary distribution system takes into account the value of the position, ability level, and performance contribution. This system covers basic salary, performance bonuses, and medium- to long-term incentives. The Company actively benchmarks its salary performance against the market and, integrates these findings to enhance our salary competitiveness to key, core talent and create a fair salary distribution structure. In addition, the Company strictly implements the relevant policies and regulations of the state on maternity leave, parental leave and other employee welfare. In terms of talent introduction and allocation, the Company implements a differentiated talent introduction strategy and establishes a three-dimensional approach and a flexible talent acquisition channel. In 2022, the Company introduced nearly 10, 000 graduates to fully guarantee the strategic reserve of talents. In 2022, a group of outstanding talents won national honourary titles, including two winners of the Geological Society of China Field Youth Geological Contribution Award, one winner of Outstanding Female Geological Scientist, one winner of the Chinese Skills Award, and three winners of the National Technical Expert. The Company provides multi-level, multi-angle and multi- directional development paths to enable employees to acquire knowledge and skills, and to gain valuable professional experience. On the one hand, it continues to foster partnerships with domestic higher institutions, on the other hand, it continues to deepen joint training projects with prestigious universities worldwide and actively promotes the new apprenticeship system. The Company and Imperial College London collaborate in training young scientific and technological talents and build a reserve talent echelon in the field of science and technology. From 2019 to 2022, a total of 5 batches of 14 students received the Sinopec Doctoral Scholarship. Promoting the Upgrading of Vocational SkillsIn accordance with the Management Regulations on the Professional Title Evaluation of Sinopec Corp. and the Management Regulations on the Professional Skill Level Recognition of Sinopec Corp., the Company continues to promote the reform of professional title evaluation and professional skill level recognition, and actively carries out talent evaluation. Specialist technicians conduct the in-depth training at production sites Teacher-apprentice improves staff skills and operational level In 2022, Sinopec Corp.'s Zhaoyang (Morning Suns) Program training system for young talents won the 2022 Corporate Leadership Award of the International Association for Continuing Engineering Education affiliated with United Nations Edu cational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO), becoming the only Chinese enterprise to win this honour in the past 10 years. Employee TrainingThe Company continues to enhance its top-level design of employee training and prioritises the development of key personnel such as managers, technical and skilled workers, and international talents. The Company facilitates training experience exchange among grass-roots front-line employees, raises the quality of front-line employee training, and accelerates the co-construction and sharing of high-quality training resources. In 2022, investment in vocational training reached RMB 871 million. In 2022, the Company revised and improved the Sinopec Corp. Expert Management Measures and the Sinopec Corp.'s Selection and Management Measures for High-level Skill Positions to develop a longitudinally smooth and horizontally coherent talent development mechanism. By the end of 2022, Sinopec Corp. had 24 academicians, 7 national young and middle-aged experts with outstanding contributions, 22 national candidates for the National Hundred, Thousand, and Ten Thousand Talent Project, 9 overseas high-level experts, 375 on-the-job employee enjoying special government allowances, 8 winners of the China Skills Award and 104 winners of the National Technical Expert. Employee CareThe Company conducts a long-term survey on its employee support and assistance efforts, strengthening the research on the compliance management policy of employee support and assistance. Its labour unions at various levels organised normalised activities to give support to people in need and strengthened the service to expand the scope of assistance and cover more people. Meanwhile, the Company also places a strong emphasis on the mental health of its employees, offering group-wide EAP services and diverse online and offline sports and recreational activities, promoting work and living for employees with happiness and health. The appraisal process emphasises performance assessment orientation, covering work performance, work ability and work style, and strives to openly, comprehensively and truly reflect the work situation of employees. Meanwhile, the results of the appraisal are communicated back to the employees in a timely manner to ensure that the appraisal management can fully play a positive role in supporting their professional growth and development. For management employees, the Company has formulated differentiated performance appraisal responsibility documents aligned with the position and work division of management employees. Assessment indicators, target values and appraisal weights are defined, taking into account both the overall performance of the Company and the performance of the business units they oversee, and the appraisal scores and results are determined in strict accordance with the completion of each indicator. The annual remuneration level of management employees is tied to their performance appraisal results. Among them, production safety indicators include but are not limited to penalties for safety violations, contractor safety, etc. energy conservation, environmental protection and addressing climate change indicators include but are not limited to greenhouse gas emissions, pollutant discharges and emissions, energy efficiency management, penalties for environmental violations, etc. Management staff who have failed to meet the appraisal targets will have their comprehensive appraisal score deducted accordingly. In addition, the Company has linked the annual performance bonus of the leadership team to their appraisal result on response to climate change. For each point deducted, a certain percentage of his her annual performance bonus will be reduced accordingly, up to 20 of the total amount. In case of particularly significant safety, environmental and quality accidents or incidents, the comprehensive appraisal results will be directly reduced to unqualified. In June 2022, the International Association for Continuing Engineering Education (IACEE), an unofficial organisation affiliated with UNESCO, announced the 2022 IACEE Award for Corporate Leadership in Continuing Engineering Education. Sinopec Corp. was honoured to be the only Chinese enterprise in the past decade to receive this award for its successful implementation and innovative approach to the Zhaoyang Program training system for young talents. This recognition has boosted Sinopec Corp.'s brand reputation and increased the international impact of Chinese enterprises in the field of human resource management, particularly in the area of talent learning and development. The Zhaoyang Program for young talents is a talent training project launched and implemented by Sinopec Corp. for its 150, 000 young employees. The quality training system was improved to include source training, follow-up training and whole process training. Innovative training was also provided, including the young leaders training, the Young Marxist Training Project training, the Future Scientists training, the outstanding engineers cultivation training and the internationalised operation strategic reserves intensified training, resulting in significant training outcomes. The Council of IACEE recognised Sinopec Corp.'s Zhaoyang Program training system for young talents as a model for innovative and effective training, and praised the project for its systematic planning of training paths, integrated and innovative training model, integrated school-enterprise cooperation, optimised training organisation and operation, continuous improvement of training quality and gathering advantageous resources from all sides. Sinopec Corp. is dedicated to addressing people's concerns, improving their lives, and contributing to social development. Contributing to Rural Revitalisation and Common ProsperityAccording to the 14th Sinopec Five-Year Plan for Rural Revitalisation, the Sinopec Implementation Plan for Education Support, and the Sinopec Implementation Plan for Rural Revitalisation through Product Consumption, the Company accelerates the implementation of poverty alleviation projects on fields of industry, education, and consumption, making practical contributions to rural revitalisation and common prosperity. In 2022, the Company invested RMB 211 million in assistance funds, and introduced RMB 231 million in assistance funds for poverty alleviation. directly affiliated subsidiaries undertook the task of relieving 616 villages from poverty. The Company dispatched 927 cadres stationed in villages and recruited 31 internal volunteers to participate in the education and construction of targeted counties. The aim is to extend the industry from farming to deep processing of products, and establish each county with a high-quality agricultural product industry chain and a number of market-competitive products, creating a full chain support mode combining industry consumption and one county, one chain. Variety cultivation intensive processing Brand building flagship industry cultivation Professional operation powerful marketing Starting with the source of the industrial chain, Sinopec Corp. promoted the industrial chain of agricultural products developing from primary processing to intensive processing through large-scale planting, acquisition, storage, transportation and processing. Relying on the Company's advantages in management and human resources, Sinopec Corp. explored the establishment of a multi-party cooperative development model of government scientific research institutions enterprises new business entities farmers to help regional characteristic industries to gain larger, stronger and better development. On February 8, 2023, Sinopec Corp. and the People's Government of Dongxiang Autonomous County, Linxia Prefecture, Gansu Province signed the Framework Agreement on the Five-Year Work Plan for Sinopec Corp. to Help Dongxiang County. In the next five years, Sinopec Corp. will provide further support to Dongxiang by investing over RMB 500 million in assistance funds, helping the county achieve its goal of rural revitalisation. The Company has invested over RMB 700 million in assistance funds, implemented 236 assistance projects, and benefited over 154, 000 people. This project has received high praise from both the local government and residents. Through these efforts, Sinopec Corp. has injected vitality into Dongxiang and helped locals increase their income. In July 2022, Sinopec Corp. and the China Children and Teenagers' Fund jointly launched the Spring Bud Power Station public welfare project under the guidance of the All-China Women's Federation. Over the past ten years, Sinopec Corp. has invested a total of RMB 174 million in implementing 28 assistance projects and supporting 881 students in need, promoting high-quality and balanced development of education. To date, with pairing assistance and the designated support from Sinopec Corp., 11 Spring Bud Power Stations have been built successfully. On February 8, 2023, Sinopec Corp. conducted a survey titled Bearing in Mind the Mission and Further Promoting Rural Revitalisation in Dongxiang. During the survey, Ma Yongsheng, chairman of Sinopec Corp. and an academician with the Academy of Engineering, gave an on-site lecture First Class Begins based on the significant changes brought about by the Company's poverty alleviation practices in Dongxiang over the past decade. Moreover, the Company has been promoting high-quality development of the local economy by expanding employment opportunities and increasing residents' income. Featured case Sinopec Corp. launched the five-year work plan to help Dongxiang Invested a total of RMB 50 million in hardware renovation, such as equipping intelligent interactive blackboards and upgrading campus libraries. On the basis of the pairing of sister schools, Sinopec Corp. invited experts and famous teachers to enhance the training of local teachers by adopting the mode of expert guidance case study practice exercise achievement demonstration. Conducted mandarin promotion activities named Childlike Innocence to the Party, Contribute with Love among 8, 000 teachers and students in 15 schools receiving the assistance from Sinopec Corp. in western China. More than 2, 000 teachers have been trained, and more than 170 mentoring pairs of Lanqing Master and Apprentice have been established. One-to-one pairing Collectivisation assistance Three-dimensional assistance Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 91 92 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Southeast Guizhou Company carries out the Start of Winter activity, Heart-Warming Dumplings Share the Taste of 'Home' Public Welfare ActionSinopec has participated in a series of public welfare projects for many years to actively give back to society, such as Sinopec Lifeline Express, Warm Stations Prorgamme, Sanitation Workers' Stations Programme, Driver's Home Programme for Truck Drivers and Spring Bud Project for Young Girls. Also, the Company upholds the volunteer service spirit of dedication, fraternity, mutual-assistance, and progress, and encourages its employees to actively participate in volunteer activities to contribute love and warmth to the society. They have been actively contributing to rural revitalisation, service guarantee for major events and community harmony construction. By the end of 2022, Sinopec Corp. has built and operated 3, 586 Drivers' Homes and 5, 415 Warm Stations across China. Over the past ten years, Sinopec Corp. has served more than 53 million migrant workers returning to rural areas during the Spring Festival by providing more than 48, 000 volunteer services and refuelling more than 132, 000 litres of 92, 000 motorcycles free of charge. Over the past 18 years, the Company has donated RMB 184 million to public welfare undertakings of Health Express, entered 44 service points in 18 provinces (autonomous regions), and helped more than 50, 000 poor cataract patients and their families to get out of the predicament. Sanitation workers taste sweet soup balls at Warm Stations Offering services for 2, 769 days in total. Desert Health Express medical volunteer service An Express for Regaining Sight Sinopec Lifeline Express Home on the Road Driver's Home Programme and Warm Stations Programme The Company has built the gas station into a window for volunteer services by setting up Driver's Home and Warm Stations to provide warm services such as rest, catering, hot water, bathing, laundry, parking, and charging for outdoor and new forms of workers such as truck drivers, sanitation workers, and couriers. Sinopec Lifeline Express marks the first health express donated by domestic enterprises. It is equipped with advanced ophthalmic diagnosis and treatment equipment and professional doctors, with a success rate of cataract surgery more than 99. The Express enters three regions each year, and stays in each region for three months, treating an average of 3, 000 patients annually. Desert Health Express Medical Assistance Volunteer Service Project in Remote AreasThe Desert Health Express medical volunteer service team of Northwest Oilfield was established in May 2015 by leveraging the resources of the gas-defence medical station at the Northwest Oilfield Public Security Fire Control Centre. The team signed cooperation agreements with the Beijing Road Medical Area of the General Hospital of Xinjiang Military Region and the people's hospitals in Bazhou, Luntai County, Kuqa City, and Shaya County to set up emergency green medical channels. Additionally, the team has implemented a volunteer service model that involves pairing up with the masses, providing menu-based medical consultations, and utilising hospital linkage to enhance medical care. The team is composed of 27 medical personnel with professional rescue qualifications, covering the southern Xinjiang work area of Northwest Oilfield and surrounding towns and villages. The team engages in extensive volunteer work, including self-rescue and mutual-rescue knowledge dissemination, telemedicine consultation, free medical treatment, medical delivery, and health knowledge lectures. As a result of their dedication, the team has been praised by the locals as the lifeline of the desert. In 2022, the Desert Health Express medical assistance volunteer service project in remote areas won the bronze prize in the 6th China Youth Volunteer Service Project Competition. With gas stations as the service platform, Sinopec Corp. has provided free refuelling for Homebound Migrant Workers on Motorcycle in key areas such as Guangdong, Guangxi, and Jiangxi, as well as free services such as hot porridge, ginger soup, rest room, and baby care room. In 2022, the Warm Stations Programme was transformed and upgraded by incorporating 243 new gas stations to provide nearly 20 kinds of free convenience services for outdoor workers and left- behind personnel, such as emergency medicines, hot water, and hot food. Employees of Taizhou Company volunteer to help farmers harvest Wendan In 2022 0. 965million person-timesThe service times of volunteers were 1. 601million hourswith a service duration of Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 93 94 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Sustainable Supply ChainSinopec Corp. always attaches great importance to the optimisation of supply chain management, and insists on incorporating ESG into its suppliers and contractors management system. The Company actively promotes the principle of honest, safe, timely, green and economic procurement, building a compliant, green and responsible procurement system. The Company prioritises the ESG performance of suppliers and contractors and encourages them to strengthen sustainable development management and practices through risk identification and management mechanisms and supporting social and environmental risk prevention systems. Supplier ManagementSinopec Corp. evaluates the ESG performance of suppliers in social responsibility, environmental protection, resource conservation, safety management, and other aspects by incorporating health and safety and environmental protection requirements into the supplier qualification audit process. This evaluation process encourages suppliers to continuously improve their own governance level and practise sustainable development. This measure helps prevent and control supply risks from the source. Suppliers must sign the Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics and promise to strictly abide by the laws and regulations related to anti-corruption and anti-bribery, as well as the internal integrity regulations of both parties. Qualification inspection The Company has integrated environmental protection, resource conservation, and sustainability management into its supplier assessment process by adding HSE system certification, quality management system certification, pollution discharge permits, energy management system certifications, green product and low-carbon product certifications to the list of qualification requirements for suppliers. On-site inspection The inspection covers the suppliers' ISO14000 and ISO18000 system certifications, green products standards, workplace safety emergency management system, labour protection measures, discharge and emissions, and waste treatment. HSE management factors have been given greater weight for on-site inspection criteria. A third-party evaluation institution is entrusted to carry out on-site due diligence of suppliers by on-site investigation and interview, covering but not limited to production and operation, equipment plant, company personnel, internal control management, financial management, etc. In 2022, the Company conducted due diligence on 2, 933 suppliers, bringing the accumulative total to 10, 378. Digital procurement supervision platform Supplier training The Company focuses on 26 key areas of material procurement, such as bidding and procurement framework agreement, to build a procurement process management and supervision platform. This platform promotes standardised, tool-based, and automated risk prevention and control, and facilitates the construction of a digital procurement business supervision system. The Company held supplier training sessions, introducing its principles of material supply and management, critical points of bidding management system, and established stricter anti-corruption, environmental protection, safety management, and green procurement standards, urging suppliers to fulfil their obligations of acting in good faith. Comprehensive evaluation of suppliersThe Company establishes supplier performance evaluation indicators that feature corporate credit certification, product quality evaluation, dynamic performance evaluation, and market performance as the main contents. These indicators help objectively evaluate the comprehensive strength of suppliers. Corporate credit certification standards include green management system construction, green product certification and other environmental protection low-carbon performance evaluation indicators, as well as corporate environmental penalties, social security, and other social responsibility performance evaluation indicators. By the end of 2022, suppliers with A-AAA corporate credit certification accounted for 68. 8, while B-BBB and C-CCC suppliers accounted for 31. 1 and 0. 1, respectively. These measures aim to optimise energy-saving technology and equipment, and comprehensively promote the upgrading and procurement of products. Moreover, it clarifies the selection conditions and requirements in procurement plans, bid evaluation methods, and contract terms to encourage suppliers into developing green technologies and green products. In this way, it offers support and guidance for the green transformation of suppliers. In the meantime, the Company continuously strengthens the search and cultivation of energy supply resources in geothermal, hydrogen, photovoltaic, wind and other new energy fields, and actively serves the development of the Three New industries. ESG Risk Management for Suppliers Due diligenceQualification inspection Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 95 96 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Contractor ManagementTo continuously encourage contractors into enhancing their responsibility performance, the Company incorporates ESG-related requirements such as openness and transparency, integrity, anti-corruption, HSE qualification and management, safety and environmental protection qualification and management, in its management systems such as the Sinopec Management Measures for Market Integrity System of Construction Projects, the Regulations on Sinopec Quality Accident Management, the Management Regulations on Sinopec Production Safety Accident, the Management Measures on Sinopec's Scoring and Quantitative Assessment of Project Contractors, and the Management Regulations on Sinopec Engineering Construction and Maintenance Contractors. The Company constantly promotes the scoring and quantitative assessment of contractors and employees, and assesses contractors' safety, quality, progress, comprehensive management and other behaviours. The Company assesses these behaviours through event records, urging contractors to comprehensively review and improve their own practices. In addition, by applying the contractor management information platform, the Company realised the comprehensive management of contractors and employees, and significantly improved the management and control level. Community Communication and EngagementSinopec Corp. prioritises coordinated development with the communities where it is operated, and takes swift action in identifying, assessing, and resolving any risks that may conflict with the community. The Company implements a community communication mechanism and development participation plan that respects the cultural customs and rituals of the community, promoting the win-win situation of enterprise development and community prosperity. Community Communication Mechanism Assessment of Impact on CommunitySinopec Corp. establishes an environmental information disclosure system that ensures timely and lawful disclosure of environmental information. Moreover, it also sets up pollutant discharge signs outside the stations where pollutants are discharged, which display information such as the main processes, types of pollutants produced, and amount of pollutants discharged. Complaint hotlines are also provided for the public to report any environmental issues. More details on the environmental complaint mechanism can be found in the section Environmental Protection Management and Targets of this report. In 2012, the Company initiated the activity Opening the Door to Run Enterprises, which was later upgraded to the large-scale brand activity Sinopec Public Open Day in 2016. Over the past decade, the Company has invited various stakeholders, including community residents, students, government officials, and media reporters to visit the site, totalling more than 220, 000 visits. Through live broadcasting, the event has been attended by over 80 million people online. Furthermore, the Company proactively organises popular science activities to facilitate communication with the public on the petrochemical industry, energy-saving and environmental protection initiatives, etc. Six popular science activities, including Exploring Intelligent Energy Public Open Day, 'Popularising Shale Gas Knowledge' Special Public Open Day, Embracing the Win-win Future of Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality - Geothermal Science Popularisation Exhibition, Special Activity on Shale Gas Science Popularisation, 'Entering Yangzi' Science Popularisation Summer Camp, and 'Red Scarfs' Seeking for the Ways to Serve China through Industries were selected as the excellent activities of the National Science Day in 2022. The Company formulates social impact assessment procedures covering key stages before project commissioning, such as project proposal development, construction scheme formulation, and environmental protection acceptance, to ensure that the whole life cycle of the project complies with national and local environmental laws and regulations. Overseas subsidiaries often hold public hearings in the communities where they operate before engaging in important construction and production activities. This allows locals to voice their opinions and ensures that community and resident interests are protected as much as possible. The notice focused on consolidating noise pollution control in production enterprises, strictly controlling noise pollution in construction sites, engaging in noise monitoring and information disclosure, increasing research and development of noise pollution prevention and control technologies, and personnel training. The comprehensive remediation of noise pollution shall be included in the scope of special investigation and remediation of the Company's environmental protection compliance in accordance with the law, and the Sinopec Noise Pollution Prevention and Control Compliance Checklist shall be prepared and incorporated into the environmental protection information system for real-time monitoring. Project proposal development Preparation of construction scheme Environmental protection acceptance The Company added a special chapter on environmental protection in the project proposal design and feasibility study report, identifying environmentally sensitive targets, and formulating corresponding pollution prevention and ecological protection measures in combination with national and local environmental protection policies and management systems such as the Management Measures on Environmental Protection of Sinopec and the Management Regulations on Sinopec Pollution Prevention and Control. The Company organised an environmental impact assessment, and entrusted a third-party assessment agency to prepare an environmental impact assessment report. The approval requirements of environmental impact assessments are incorporated into the special chapter on the environmental protection of the construction scheme. During public participation in environmental impact assessments, the Company actively seeks opinions and suggestions from surrounding communities. After the project construction begins, the Company conducts regular checks to ensure that environmental protection measures are being implemented properly during the construction phase of projects in accordance with the requirements of the environmental assessment. Upon completion, the Company also organises timely inspections and acceptance of the projects in terms of environmental protection to ensure that they are put into operation in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. The company set up a special hotline for receiving environmental protection supervision reports and encouraged anyone who detects abnormal odour to call and report the situation. Upon receiving a report, Jinling Petrochemical Company immediately conducts tracing, searching, and analysis. If the odour is caused by production, the relevant subsidiaries are promptly urged to rectify the issue; if the odour is caused by an external source, it will also be promptly reported to the informer to jointly supervise and improve the regional atmospheric environmental quality. To incentivise the public to participate in environmental protection supervision, Jinling Petrochemical Company offers telephone card rewards to those who actively participate in environmental protection reporting. This initiative has effectively motivated the public to get involved in environmental protection supervision and jointly build odour-free factories. Case Establishing a Reward System for Environmental Protection Reporting Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 97 98 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Community Participation ProgrammeThe Company firmly upholds its commitment to repaying the local area and contributing to the prosperity of the local economy, by actively engaging in community development support work and promoting local community construction and economic development. Its overseas subsidiaries strictly implement the tax payment requirements in accordance with local laws, abide by international safety, health, and environmental protection standards, and give priority to the employment of local employees. Sinopec Maoming Petrochemical Company has an industrial diversion canal of more than 20 kilometres long that flows through Two Cities and One District. It is not only a special canal for oil refining production, but also undertakes the task of guaranteeing irrigation water for more than 50, 000 mu (about 33. 3 km2) of farmland along the canal. In order to meet the local irrigation water demand for spring ploughing, Sinopec Maoming Petrochemical Company gains a thorough understanding of the water demand of villages and towns, calculates the total daily industrial and agricultural water consumption, and makes an overall plan for water supply, giving full play to the advantages of the industrial diversion canal while ensuring the normal water use for oil refining production. During the spring ploughing season, its volunteer service team also goes to the farmland along the industrial diversion canal and helps the villagers who lack labour do farm work and solve their urgent needs. Case Helping Villagers Solve the Urgent Need of Spring Ploughing Production Mansarovar in Colombia under Sinopec International Petroleum Exploration and Production Corporation has developed a social communication and participation plan to create value for the community where the oilfield is located by supporting the development of local education, public infrastructure, health care and so on. In 2022, it has successfully fulfilled all the commitments of the Cocoa Development Plan, effectively improved the production efficiency of the local cocoa industry, and strengthened the production base of Colombian agroforestry producers and cocoa cooperatives. Case Implementing the Cocoa Development PlanStaff Localisation Ratio 96 CIR in Kazakhstan Mansarovar in Colombia UDM in Russia 96 99 Product and Service ManagementAdhering to the tenet of high quality, sufficient quantity, and customer satisfaction, Sinopec Corp. has always focused on the customer-centred business philosophy and made every efforts to improve product quality and service level. This approach helps to enhance the service management process, improve the customer experience, and safeguard the rights and interests of its customers. Quality ManagementIn strict accordance with the laws and regulations such as the Product Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, the Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Standardisation Law of The People's Republic of China, the Company has formulated management documents such as the Measures for the Quality Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, the Regulations on the Quality Risk Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, and the Work Standards for the Quality Inspection Room of Refined Oil and Natural Gas to strictly control quality risks, fulfil the social responsibility of every drop of oil is a promise, and provide consumers with safe and high-quality products. All forty marketing subsidiaries of the Company have obtained third-party certification for their ISO9000 quality management systems. In 2022, more than 25, 000 batches of samples of the Company accepted random external review at the national, provincial, and municipal levels and were all qualified. Moreover, the Company created an innovative internal control indicator system for refined oil that includes 21 indicators and 7 detection methods. This system covers gasoline, diesel and denatured fuel ethanol, addressing loopholes in national standards and filling gaps in China. The Company implemented a centralised procurement strategy. Through the construction of system technology standard, the Company built a standardised process quality control system covering the whole process of refined oil circulation to ensure that the warehousing-in, storage, transportation and sales are under control. Storage Implement special line transfer, special tank storage, special pump, special pipe and special tank for unloading, transfer and refitting of oil products; strictly control the outbound inspection, to ensure that no unqualified products are released from the warehouse. Transportation Implement a special vehicle for special use and separated transportation of diesel and gasoline to prevent oil pollution; assign special personnel to track the route of oil tankers through GPS positioning systems to prevent oil quality accidents caused by human factors during transportation. Sales Strictly manage the oil unloading process, unify and standardise the sampling and testing of oil products before unloading, and refuse to unload any unqualified products; implement the system of keeping oil product samples at the station until sales are completed, to ensure that they are 100 qualified. By using big data analysis technologies, the Company set up a new management mode of intelligent analysis, management, and control of the quality of refined oil products. Promoting the construction of quality informatisation The Company carried out activities to enhance the quality awareness of all employees and fostered a culture where all employees actively participate in quality management. The Company assisted government departments in engaging in quality supervision, and cooperated with the media to publicise quality knowledge for jointly purifying the market environment, and building a quality culture with its own characteristics. In 2022, no customer complaints occurred in the sales and service of chemical products of the Company. The Company strictly complies with laws and regulations in the process of marketing and product promotion to prevent false or exaggerated descriptions, and has produced advertisements in accordance with relevant local laws and regulations, including but not limited to the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China. Customers can scan the QR code on the packaging bag through a mobile app to obtain the electronic quality inspection form of the corresponding batch of products. This initiative has been widely praised by customers for its convenience and fast processing speed. Oil Products Sales The Company formulated the Operation Manual for Cleaning and Maintenance of Refuelling (Gas) Stations to create a clean and tidy consumption environment. Implementing the cleaning and upgrading plan Thirty-one provincial and municipal sales companies have completed the centralisation and unification of customer services so that all hotlines and online customer services have been transferred to the national unified customer service centre for handling. About 4. 2 million customer service calls were received throughout the year of 2022, of which about 3. 02 million were manual customer service calls. All the problems reflected by customers were verified and answered. The average time of vehicles entering the station was 287 seconds, which was 13 seconds shorter than that at the beginning of the competition. After customers use the e-wallet for refuelling, the system immediately sends the service evaluation information to the customer's mobile phone. Customers can evaluate the service quality from six aspects service experience, venue environment, commodity recommendation, queuing time, equipment and facilities, and payment and invoicing. Innovating service evaluation methods In 2022, a total of 133 million customers participated in the evaluation, amounting to 367 million customer evaluations, with a satisfaction rate of 99. 9, up by 0. 3 percentage points year-on-year; the negative comment rate from customers was 0. 07, with a year- on-year decrease of more than 60. In 2022, a total of 3, 542 questionnaires on customer satisfaction were sampled, and the customer satisfaction performance was excellent, with an overall evaluation score of 94. 2, which was further improved compared with 2021. Promoting Win-win Development of the IndustryUnder the guidance of the Standardisation Administration of the P. R. C., the Company has collaborated with co-construction subsidiaries to promote the construction of the national technical standard innovation base for leading industrial upgrading through standard innovations. As of 2022, it has formulated 2 international standards such as the Code for Foam Glass Products for Building-related Thermal Insulation Materials, 3 national standards including the Evaluation on Service Quality of Cross-border E-commerce Platform, 64 group standards like General Rules on Quality Grading and Evaluation of Industrial Products, and more than 5, 800 corporate standards including the Detailed Rules for Quality Evaluation of EPEC Products - Plate Welded Pressure Vessels. They focused on inventing new technologies and optimising existing ones, and promoted domestic equipment manufacturing enterprises to transform scientific and technological achievements into industrial competitive advantages and to enhance the level of industrialisation. Throughout this period, the Company has actively fulfilled its obligations as a member and actively participated in relevant work. Sinopec Corp. joined the Alliance to End Plastic Wastes (AEPW) in 2019, being the first mainland Chinese enterprise to join the Alliance. In 2022, nine new projects promoted by the Company in the field of publicity and education and the application of waste plastics were approved in principle by the Alliance. By cooperating with Tsinghua University and Tongji University, the Company released three research reports in plastic recycling, providing solutions to plastic pollution control from different perspectives. In addition to participating in the daily representative meetings of the Alliance and maintaining communication, the Company also appointed senior experts to serve as members of the Alliance's Advanced Recycling Theme Expert Group (TEG), to participate in the work and meetings of the AEPW NTG, to attend the discussions related to chemical recycling led by the Alliance, and to review the start-up incubator projects carried out by the Alliance in China. Case Actively Fulfilling the Obligations as a Member of the Alliance to End Plastic Wastes Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 103 104 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Indicators 2020 2021 2022 Methane emissions (million cubic metres) 283. 56 299. 90 253. 79 Oil & gas exploration and production segment 245. 98 269. 88 222. 32 Refining and chemicals segment 23. 75 10. 01 11. 06 Marketing segment 13. 83 20. 01 20. 41Indicators 2020 2021 2022 GHGs emissions (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Note1170. 94 172. 56 161. 79 Direct GHGs emissions 128. 58 148. 38 137. 72 Indirect GHGs emissions 42. 36 24. 18 24. 07 Oil & gas exploration and production segment 24. 42 22. 47 20. 36 Refining and chemicals segment 144. 32 148. 34 139. 82 Marketing segment 2. 20 1. 75 1. 61 GHGs emissions intensityNote281. 22 62. 96 48. 76 CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) 1, 290 1, 520 1, 534 Methane recovery (million cubic metres) 600 717 834Key Performance Environmental Performance Emissions, effluents, and wastesNote1 Note 1 This report discloses the emissions of the Company's oilfield, refining and chemical, and professional companies that are included in the key management of emission permits. The emissions accounting is based on self-monitoring data and is ultimately subject to data published by local ecological and environmental authorities. Note 2 Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use intensity (cubic metre RMB million) Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use revenue (RMB million) Indicators 2020 2021 2022 COD (tonnes) 5, 743 5, 185 4, 755 Ammonia and nitrogen (tonnes) 142 107 75 Sulphur dioxide (tonnes) 5, 922 5, 117 4, 910 Nitrogen oxides (tonnes) 21, 762 20, 774 19, 247 Solid waste (thousand tonnes)Note21, 710. 8 1, 931. 6 2, 036. 9 Solid waste intensityNote30. 81 0. 70 0. 61 Weight of disposed hazardous waste (thousand tonnes)Note4731. 1 461. 0 515. 0 Hazardous waste intensityNote50. 35 0. 17 0. 16GHGs emissions and management Note 1 The Company conducts GHGs emission (direct and indirect) accounting and verification according to ISO14064-1 2006 standards, covering six gases including carbon dioxide (CO 2), methane (CH 4), nitrous oxide (N 2O), hydro fluoro carbons (HFCs), per fluorinated compounds (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF 6). Key Data In this report, limited assurance procedures were performed on the following selected key data of the Company 's 2022 Sustainability Report GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Direct GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Indirect GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) Consumption of purchased electricity (billion kWh) Weight of disposed hazardous waste (thousand tonnes ) Number of accidents reported Number of deaths due to production safety accidents Total recorded accident (Incident) rate (per 200, 000 working -hours) Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 working -hours) Total number of employees Employee turnover rate ( ) Percentage of female employees ( ) Percentage of female employees in management ( ) Percentage of minority employees ( ) Number of patients cured under the Lifeline Express Programme Number of patents applied for this year Number of authori sed patents this year 2 Independent Limited Assurance (Continue ) 2300049 Within the scope of our work, we only performed procedures in selected 2022 key data in the Head Office, Sinopec Beijing Oil Products Company and Sinopec Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Branch we have not conducted work in other subsidiaries. We have not performed any procedures with respect to 2021 and other earlier periods or any other information included in the 2022 Sustainability Report. Responsibilities of the Board of Directors The Company 's Board of Directors is solely responsible for the preparation of the key data of the 2022 Sustainability Report in accordance with basis of reporting of the key data ( basis of reporting ) after this assurance report. Responsibilities of KPMG Our responsibility is to carry out a limited assurance engagement and to express a conclusion based on the work performed. We conducted our work in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. We have complied with our in dependence requirement and other relevant ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, and we have complied with the applicable requirements of the International Standard on Quality Control 1 with respect to maintaining a comprehensive quality control system. Our independent limited assurance report has been prepared solely to the Company in accordance with the terms of our engagement. Our work has been undertaken so that we might report to the Board of Directors those matters we have been engaged to report in this independent limited assurance report and for no other purpose. Direct GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Direct GHGs emission disclosed herein refers to direct GHGs emission from fixed emission source, mobile emission source, process emission source and escape emission source produced by the production operation subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Indirect GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Indirect GHGs emission herein refers to indirect greenhouse gas emissions resulting from the consumption of purchased electricity, purchased heat (steam), etc by the production operation subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) CO 2 capture herein refers to the total amount of carbon dioxide captured by refinery enterprises of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation in carbon dioxide recovery work. Consumption of purchased electricity (billion kWh) Consumption of purchased electricity herein refers to the difference between total consumption of electricity of industrial subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation and their self-generated electricity. Weight of disposed hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Weight of disposed hazardous waste herein refers to the total weight of hazardous waste entrusted for process and disposal, which is collected in the Environmental Protection Information System of China Petrochemical Corporation. Number of accidents reported Number of accidents reported herein refers to the number of General Grade A and higher accidents that occurred of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. A General Grade A accident means an accident in which some person died. Number of deaths due to production safety accidents Number of deaths due to production safety accidents herein refers to the number of permanent employees that are eventually confirmed dead in General Grade A accidents of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Total recorded accident (incident) rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) Total recorded accident (incident) rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) herein refers to the number of accidents (incident) that occurred of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, per 200, 000 working- hours. Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) herein refers to the number of fatal accidents that occurred in General Grade A accidents of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, per 200, 000 working-hours. Total number of employees Total number of employees herein refers to the total number of employees who has signed full-time employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees. Employee turnover rate ( ) Employee turnover rate herein refers to the proportion of the number of employees whose labour contracts were terminated by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation for personal reasons (excluding ordinary employees such as gas station operators). Percentage of female employees ( ) Percentage of female employees herein refers to the proportion of the number of female employees who has signed full-time employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees, to total number of the employees. Percentage of female employees in operational management Percentage of female employees in operational management herein refers to the proportion of the number of female employees in the operational management function who have signed full- time employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees, to total number of the employees in the operational management function who have signed full-time employment contracts. Percentage of minority employees ( ) Percentage of minority employees herein refers to the proportion of the number of ethnic minority employees who have signed full- time employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees, to total number of the employees who have signed full-time employment contracts. Number of patients cured under the Lifeline Express Programme Number of patients cured under the Lifeline Express Programme herein refers to the number of patients who have undergone rehabilitation surgery in the Lifeline Express Programme, which was launched by China Healthy Express Foundation in reporting year and supported by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Number of patents applied for this year Number of patents applied for this year herein refers to the number of patent application documents submitted by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation to the China Intellectual Property Office and overseas national or regional intellectual property institutions in this year. Number of authorised patents this year Number of authorised patents in this year herein refers to the number of patent authorisation certificates issued by China Intellectual Property Office and overseas national or regional intellectual property institutions obtained by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation in this year. Summary of work performed A limited assurance engagement on the 2022 Sustainability Report consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for the preparation of information presented in the Sustainability Report, and applying analytical and other procedures, as appr opriate. Our procedures include Assess the risk of material misstatement of selected 2022 key data relating to Sustainability Report, whether through fraud or error; Conduct interviews with relevant staff at the Company who are responsible for providing the information in the Sustainability Report; Performing analytical review procedures on the selected 2022 key data relating to Sustainability Report; Sampling of selected key data relating to Sustainability Report; Recalculating of 2022 selected key data relating to Sustainability Report; Reading the information presented in the Sustainability Report to determine whether it is in line with our overall k nowledge of, and experience with, the sustainability performance of the Company; and Perform other procedures deem necessary. The extent of the evidence gathering procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement is less than that for a reasonable assurance engagement, and therefore, a lower level of assurance is provided. In addition, our work was not undertaken for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company 's systems and procedures. V. Inherent Limitation The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities. Conclusion Based on the procedures performed and the evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the selected 2022 key data contained in the Company 's Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2022 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the basis of reporting. Environmental Aspect A1 EmissionsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. KPI A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A1. 6Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 3Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 4Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 5Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. Aspect A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. KPI A4. 1Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. Social Employment and Labour Practices Aspect B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equity opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. KPI B2. 1Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. N ANote2 KPI B2. 3Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. Note 2 The indicator is not applicable, because the Company has calculated and disclosed the total recorded accident (incident) rate per 200, 000 working-hours and the fatal accident rate per 200, 000 working-hours in accordance with the OSHA standards instead. Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's business, strategy and financial planning where such information is material. Risk Management Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks. Metrics and Targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material. Community Aspect B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests. KPI B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g., money or time) to the focus area. KPI B5. 2Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 3Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 4Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. KPI B6. 2Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. KPI B6. 5Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B7 Anti- corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. KPI B7. 2Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. Your opinions and suggestions are important to us and can help us improve the preparation of future reports. What other information do you think that should be included in this report? What are your suggestions that how we can better prepare our sustainable development progress report in the future? Organisation Title Tel E-mail Fax Office of the Board China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation No. 22 Chaoyangmen North Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100728, PRC ContentVery good Good Fair PoorVery poor This report provides a complete and accurate description of the significant economic, social and environmental impacts of Sinopec Corp. This report responds to and discloses information about the concerns of stakeholders. The information, indicators and data disclosed in this report are clear, accurate and complete. This report is easy to read, i. e., its structure, content, wording and layout are well designed. com listco en This report is printed on environmentally friendly paper 