Bank of China adhered to the original aspiration, pursued excellence and fulfilled the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good with actions in the significant year 2021.
We adhered to our distinctive advantages, laid out the pattern featuring One Mainstay, Two Engines, thus to contribute our shares to the new development pattern.
In the face of a confusing and changing international landscape, we always upheld openness, inclusiveness and win-win cooperation, and built a strategic development pattern where domestic commercial banking serves as the main body flanked by the two wings of globalised and integrated operations.
In addition to steady promotion of overseas institution layout, we constantly enriched cross-border products and services, fully participated in the implementation of dual listing of H-Share and piloting southbound trading under the Bond Connect programme.
With these efforts, we supported high-quality going global and bringing in by acting as a financial bridge and bond to connect China and the world, and put into practice the concept of a human community with a shared future with concrete actions.
Moreover, we leveraged the full-licensed operation advantage in stocks, loans, bonds, leasing and insurance, deepened the cooperation between commercial and investment banks, offshore and onshore institutions, and provided market entities with whole lifecycle financial services covering the entire industry chain, thus to boost the modernisation of industrial and supply chains.
Centring on the new business forms and new trends of economic and social development, we improved the quality and efficiency of financial services starting with the eight priority areas of serving technology, green finance, inclusive finance, cross-border business, wealth management, consumption, supply chain and county development, to cultivate new drivers and new modes and serve new business forms.
The balance of financing for core enterprises of the supply chain amounted to RMB4, 732. 1 billion, that for upstream and downstream enterprises of the industrial chain stood at RMB921 billion and new inclusive finance lending to micro and small enterprises notched a record high.
In promoting a comprehensive and sustainable development, we also designed green planning and action programmes, launched various innovative products in green funds, wealth management, leasing, insurance etc., and greatly supported the carbon control and emissions reduction, clean energy promotion as well as transformation and upgrading of traditional industries.
We promoted corporate culture in a thorough manner, centring on customers outside the Bank and on employees within the Bank.
We advocated values of providing excellent service, innovating with prudence, upholding openness and inclusiveness, and collaborating for mutual growth, and acted on the mission of providing finance services for the people s good to help them prosper and bring them benefits and conveniences.
Relying on the BOC Charity Foundation and Bank of China Philanthropy, we explored the mutual promotion between finance and public welfare.
In the past year, we supported 188 public warfare programmes initiated by 73 institutions, raising charity funds of RMB17. 3631 million (matching gifts inclusive) in total.
We embraced the wave of technology and moved forward with digital transformation to deliver excellent service to the society.
Focusing on cross- border, education, sports and silver-haired scenarios, we continued to strengthen basic capacity building and be more community-focused.
We continuously improved the corporate governance system, promoted the integration of ESG concepts into corporate governance with focuses on ESG issues such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer rights protection and targeted poverty alleviation, and clarified the responsibilities of the Board of Directors and Board of Supervisors.
Besides, we strengthened the building of a digital fraud risk prevention system and improved the real-time anti-fraud capability in online finance.
As a result, the number of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Network Defence system reached 879, 000 in 2021, well safeguarding the security of clients funds and property.
Over the 110 years, Bank of China has always adhered to and passed on serving society, and contributing to national prosperity through generations in an unyielding struggle, be it from the time when fulfilling the duties as a central bank to consolidate the results of the Revolution of 1911 to the time when raising foreign exchange funds to support the anti-Japanese war, or from supporting major equipment imports and developing foreign trade in the period of reform and opening up to serving the real economy and supporting poverty alleviation in the new era.
From this new starting point, Bank of China will continue to draw on wisdom from the century-long history, and promote the fine tradition in pursuing excellence as a century-old enterprise.
Message from Chairman Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 02 03Chairman of Bank of China
Message from President President of Bank of ChinaIn 2021, the pandemic proved a protracted one, along with frequent occurrence of meteorological disasters and intensifying regional conflicts and contradictions.
In the past year, newly granted domestic RMB loans of Bank of China hit a new record, providing strong credit support for the smooth operation of the real economy and focusing on key areas and weak links of the national economy.
The balance of inclusive loans granted to micro and small enterprises under the target of two no-less-than and two control posted RMB881. 5 billion, an increase of 53 in the year.
The number of customers with outstanding loans stood at 620, 000, up 32.
In addition, the Bank served the national coordinated regional development with loans to five key areas increased by 11. 52, and supported investment and construction of major projects and demands of improving people s welling to promote higher levels of complementarity and coordinated development.
With 89 cross-border matchmaking conferences held cumulatively, the Bank boosted communication, connection and win-win cooperation among Chinese and overseas market entities with financial strengths.
The Bank formulated a green finance plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan period on a group level.
The sustainable development bonds issued overseas reached to USD12. 8 billion, and balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated exceeded RMB1. 4 trillion, an increase of over 57.
Moreover, the Bank integrated environmental and social risks into the comprehensive risk management system, conducted sensitivity stress tests on climate risks for key industries, and added binding requirements of environmental and social risk management into the credit policies of 71 industries.
Since the fourth quarter of 2021, financial support for new coal mining and coal-fired power projects overseas were ended.
The proportion of credit to brown industries has narrowed down to below 10, thus to promote the industry structure to be more eco-friendly.
The Bank was fully committed to promoting the integration of ESG concepts into the bank-wide governance and business systems, and set up specialised committees in ESG fields such as green finance and consumer rights protection to enhance professional research and management.
Meanwhile, the Bank initiated the development of an innovative pilot project on the ESG evaluation system for corporate customers, incorporated ESG requirements into the whole process of corporate credit granting, and fully considered the ESG factors in screening assets.
The Bank has completed calculation of its own operating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, devoted to saving energy and reducing relevant emissions.
For 110 years, Bank of China has always shared weal and woe with the country and the people, served economic development and enhanced social well-being, fulfilling the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good with actions.
As a century tradition carried forward from generation to generation, on the new journey of building a first-class global banking group, we will closely follow China s growth as a whole, seize the opportunities of changing times, and carry on the fine traditions of the past century.
Message from President Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 04 05
EnvironmentalIFF Global Green Finance Award - Annual Award WinnerInternational Finance Forum (IFF) Best Issuer - Financial Institution FinanceAsia Best Green Bond Bank AsiaMoney Best Sustainability Bond 2021 The Asset Best Sustainable Finance Issuer Award of Best Bank for Sustainable Finance of Star of China Global Finance Outstanding Leadership in Blue Bonds (Sustainable Finance Awards 2021) SocialNational Advanced Collective on Poverty Alleviation State Council of the People s Republic of China 2021 China s Most Popular Employers for College GraduatesForbes Most Attractive Employer in the Opinion of Chinese University StudentsChinaHR.
cn 2021 Excellent Case of Financial Services for Micro, Small and Medium-sized EnterprisesChina Banking Association, China Association of Small and Medium Enterprises GovernanceRanked 4th in Top 1, 000 World Banks The Banker Ranked 4th in Top 500 Global Banking Brands Ranked 39th in Global 500 (2021) Fortune Best Board of Directors for Investor Relations Securities Times Branches and Comprehensive Operation Companies2021 Global Best Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance Project (Bank of China New York Branch)Project Finance International Strongest Bank in Asia Pacific and Hong Kong (BOCHK)The Asian Banker Rated AAA for ESG in 2021 (BOCHK) MSCI ESG Outstanding Enterprise for Public Welfare (BOC-SAMSUNG LIFE)Xinhuanet 2021 Rural Revitalisation Demonstration Institution with Outstanding Competitiveness (BOC Fullerton Community Bank)China Business JournalIntroduction Bank of China is the bank with the longest continuous operation among Chinese banks.
Restructured into a wholly state-owned commercial bank in 1994, the Bank provides various financial services, and has developed into a large commercial bank delivering services in local and foreign currencies and featuring complete business varieties and strong strength.
The Bank is the official banking partner of the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics and the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games Beijing 2022, thus making it the only bank in China to serve two Olympic Games.
In 2011, Bank of China became the first financial institution from an emerging economy to be designated as a Global Systemically Important Bank, a designation it has now maintained for 11 consecutive years.
In 2022, Bank of China, in celebration of its 110th anniversary of establishment, is striving to form a strategic landscape with domestic commercial banks as the mainstay, globalised operations and diversified business platforms as the two growth engines, accelerate the building of a first-class global banking group and working hard to write a new chapter in its history of more than hundred years.
As China s most globalised and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 62 countries and regions, and BOCHK and the Macau Branch serve as local note-issuing banks in their respective markets.
Bank of China embodies a noble sense of duty and commitment.
Over its 110 years history, the Bank constantly cared about the nation, dedicated to contribute to the country, and continued to strive for prosperity of the country and rejuvenation of the nation.
Being deeply rooted in people and committed to providing excellent services, it has fulfilled its responsibilities of delivering financial services for the people, bringing benefits and convenience to the people, and improving the living standards of the people.
It has always followed the law, innovated with prudence, and upheld the spirit of integrity and innovation to strengthen the Bank.
As a large state- owned commercial bank on a new journey towards fully building a modern socialist country, the Bank, under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, will carry forward the Bank s century-old tradition of pursuing excellence, take full, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development philosophy, contribute to the new development pattern; consciously uphold the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good; practice the values of provide excellent service, innovate with prudence, uphold openness and inclusiveness, collaborate for mutual growth, take the strategic approach of invigorate, adapt to change and drive for major breakthroughs, and thus strive to build a first-class global banking group, promote higher-standard opening-up and high-quality economic and social development, and make an even greater contribution to realising the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation.
Introduction Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 07
Objectives Commitment Progress in 2021 UN SDGs During 2021-2025, loans granted to micro and small enterprises under the target of two no-less-than and two control will remain at an excellent level.
The growth rate of loans reaches 53. 15 During 2021-2025, the average annual growth of inclusive finance customers will be not less than 25.
The growth rate of inclusive finance loans and customers will continue to meet the regulatory requirements.
The growth rate of customers reaches 29. 51 By 2025, the balance of loans granted to micro and small enterprises will exceed the RMB2 trillion mark and the number of micro and small enterprise borrowers will reach 1. 5 million, making the Bank the mainstay of inclusive financial services.
The balance of loans reaches RMB881, 502. 25 million The number of micro and small enterprise borrowers reaches 644, 000Strategy and Management With in-depth insights into customer demands, agile response to market changes and efficient coordination, the Head Office serves branches, the back line serves the front line and the Bank serves its customers as we believe that sincere attitude and excellent services will help us win more customers.
Our Values We always seek for openness, cooperation and inclusiveness, learn widely from the strengths of others and take the initiative to integrate into society and people s livelihood, the new development paradigm and community with a shared future for mankind.
In this way, we aim to unify the values of the Bank and its customers and employees and achieve joint growth and flourishment.
Uphold Openness and Inclusiveness Collaborate for Mutual Growth Our Objectives Inheriting the fine tradition of serving the people, we will leverage our characteristic advantages in globalised services, and respond to the calling of the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation.
Through financial services, we will help build a new development paradigm featuring a dual circulation, and boost financing connectivity, smooth trade and mutual understanding between China and the rest of the world.
We also successively formulated the plan for green finance and the action plan for serving the dual carbon goals, as well as the plan for inclusive finance, the work plan for development of county-level financial services and the action plan for boosting rural revitalisation, etc.
Strategy and Management Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 08 09
Stakeholders Expectation Communication Channel Support the real economy Deepen transformation and reform Facilitate the Belt and Road Initiative Participate in poverty alleviation Promote inclusive finance Strengthen risk control Routine communication and reporting Project approval and supervision Major project cooperation Provide new products and services Protect consumer rights and interests Improve customer experience Serve enterprises in cross-border business Facilitate innovation and entrepreneurship Daily communication on services Customer satisfactory survey Customer complaint handling 95566 call centre Web portal, WeChat official account and microblog, etc.
Materiality AnalysisStakeholder Engagement Core General Impact on BOC Core Impact on StakeholdersState Customers Shareholders Environment Communities EmployeesWe keep a close eye on the development goal of achieving peak carbon emissions and carbon neutrality, adapt to the trend of sustainable development and economic transformation, and serve the development needs of the real economy.
The balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated reaches RMB1. 4 trillion, up more than RMB500 billion During 2021-2025, the average annual growth rate of domestic individual green consumer credits will be no lower than 30 and strive to reach 60.
An increase of over 60 compared with the previous year During 2021-2025, the control over the loan balance of the brown industries Note 2 will be strengthened.
The proportion of corporate credits to the brown industries continued to decline in the past five years and was less than 10 as at the end of 2021intensify the penetration of green philosophy, raise the green development awareness of all staff, and create a green development atmosphere in the whole bank.
Support coordinated regional development 5.
Build scenario-based ecosystem
12 13 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 12 13 01 The XXIV Olympic Winter Games and XIII Paralympic Winter Games, took place in February, and March 2022, respectively.
BOC is an official partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Beijing 2022, the second time to serve the Olympics after the 2008 Summer Olympics.
With great passion, we provided financial services to support the preparations for the Winter Olympics, to share the joy brought by the Winter Olympics with people around the world, and contribute to the Nationwide Winter Sports Promotion Programme.
Official Banking Partner of Both Winter and Summer Olympic Games Meeting Y ou at the Winter OlympicsFollowing the guideline of Green Olympics and contributing to the construction of green venues for the Winter Olympics The National Speed Skating Oval, also known as the Ice Ribbon, is a landmark building of the Olympic Winter Games Beijing 2022, and also the only new venue built in the city centre of Beijing for the Games.
We, in response to the guideline of delivering a Green Winter Olympics, actively supported the green construction and operation needs of venues for the Winter Olympics, and has granted a long-term fixed asset loan of more than RMB234 million to Beijing National Speed Skating Oval Operations Co., Ltd.
As at the end of 2021, all venues for the Winter Olympic Games Beijing 2022 entered the final preparations stage, and the National Speed Skating meets the requirements for green building standards Level 3.
National Convention Centre Phase II to be open to media organisations from the world as the Main Press Centre Utilities Providing loans of RMB7. 9 billion to support the construction of Beijing section of Yanqing-Chongli Expressway, Beijing-Zhangjiakou Intercity Railway and Chongli branch railway.
Yanqing-Chongli Expressway main transportation artery connecting Yanqing and Zhangjiakou competition zones Chongli railway is the only railway connecting the core competition venue of the Winter Olympics and the city centre of Chongli Transportation support projects Since the Master Construction Plan for Venues and Support Infrastructure for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Beijing 2022 was published in 2018, we have increased loans for the construction of major venues, infrastructure and support facilities for the Winter Olympics, which provided firm support for the implementation and advancement of related projects.
As at the end of 2021, we saw a total approved credits of RMB48. 6 billion and accumulated loans of RMB21. 2 billion.
The machines are set in eight languages, and can directly exchange 18 kinds of foreign cash of 169 kinds of face values to e-CNY.
Athletes and coaches from overseas, with no need to open a Chinese bank account, can select the function of purchasing e-CNY hardware wallet on the machine, and then put their cash into the machine, after which the machine will automatically calculate the exchange rate and issue a e-CNY hardware wallet of corresponding amount.
Customers can easily open such wallets to pay for their accommodation, food and beverage instantly.
Easy e-CNY exchange to improve the Winter Olympics experience We launched a series of ski pass, enabling customers to access several top ski resorts in Chongli, Beijing, Jilin and other major skiing areas.
This allows skiers to have more skiing options and brings them better and diversified skiing experience.
Launching ski pass products in an innovative way We launched a one-stop winter sports zone to support smart Winter Olympics with FinTech, which covered over 100 ice and snow rinks in China and abroad.
We also launched a series of Winter Olympics-related products including ski pass and precious metal products to create a brand featuring ice and snow outdoor services.
Winter sports zone of mobile banking We continued to organise the Bank of China China Ice and Snow Sports Caravan off-line programme, touring to 100 places, and successfully organised a series of ice and snow contests including the sub-contests and national final of Bank of China VISA Credit Card Cup Super Fixed- Point Skiing Open and National College Curling League etc.
Organising colourful off-line programmes themed on ice and snow sports We organised Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp in Tongchuan of Shaanxi, Liupanshui of Guizhou and Dujiangyan of Sichuan, enabling about 2, 000 students nationwide to experience ice and snow sports, have a deep understanding of the Winter Olympics culture, have fun in winter sports, and arouse their enthusiasm for winter sports.
We jointly launched the programme Vigorous Winter Olympics with Bank of China Youngsters from the Capital for a Shared Future Together with the Beijing Committee of the Communist Youth League of China, supporting more young people to participate in ice and snow sports.
Popularising ice and snow sports among youngsters On January 10, 2021, Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp 2021 kicked off at Zhaojin Ski Resort in Tongchuan, Shaanxi Province.
They exchanged the ski suits as instructed by the ski resort staff and teachers, and started to warm up in groups as guided by the skiing coaches, which included practice on flat ground and slide in the same place, and then began to glide to walk and progressively to stride.
The whole resort was full of joy as they laughed, sang and hailed.
The participants also met two world champions of winter sports, listening to their stories, practicing skiing, and sharing the joy of ice and snow sports at the ski resort together with them.
Organising events in Shaanxi to help young people from Xunyi experience winter sports BOC Hebei Branch carried out a series of publicity programmes on the theme of Bringing Ice and Snow Sports in Schools, providing guidance for students to experience winter sports and arousing their enthusiasm in this regard.
In Hebei BOC Liaoning Branch became the title sponsor of the 3rd Shenyang Ice and Snow Marathon, and advocated the initiative Inspire 300 Million People to Participate in Ice or Snow Sports among local people.
In Liaoning BOC Sichuan Branch organised the leg of the Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp in Sichuan, attracting nearly 50 groups of young campers and their parents from Chengdu and neighbouring regions to participate.
In Sichuan BOC Heilongjiang Branch, jointly with Heilongjiang Provincial Bureau of Sports and Harbin Municipal Bureau of Education, organised the launching ceremony to engage millions of youths in winter sports, with over 120 students from primary and middle schools participated.
Promoting the Development of Ice and Snow Sports At the temporary outlets for the Winter Olympics, we provided services for overseas people who will stay in China during the Winter Olympics, including cash deposit and withdrawal, foreign currency exchange, cross-border remittance, e-CNY and so on.
Meanwhile, we opened a foreign currency green channel, according to which overseas individuals, by presenting their Accreditation Card for the Winter Olympics, can exchange foreign currencies rapidly and expediently at our outlets in the three zones, and can enjoy small-sum foreign currency exchange services through self-service exchange machines or hotel-based foreign currency exchange points on a 24-hour basis.
Comprehensive financial services Under the guidance of the PBOC, we acted as the sole provider of e-CNY services piloted in the area of the Winter Olympics, providing whole-process services of exchanging, top-up, use and redemption of software and hardware wallets in BOC outlets, contracted hotels and other sites within the area.
Meanwhile, POS terminals accepting e-CNY were applied in merchants, contracted hotels, designated hospitals at various venues of the Winter Olympics.
Clients can make payments through the Scan or Touch functions.
E-CNY services We fulfilled the commitments made as a partner of the Winter Olympics, provided services for the Games in Chinese, English, French, German, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish and Arabic languages, and further upgraded functions of telephone banking, audio guide and customer service platform to provide specialised, efficient and high- quality services to improve the event participants financial service experience.
Online customer services during Winter OlympicsWe have integrated the bank-wide manpower and pooled advantageous resources to fully support the Winter Olympics in all aspects.
During the Games period, we will open five temporary outlets and set up four self- service areas in the Beijing Olympic Villages Beijing Paralympic Villages, Main Press Centre, Zhangjiakou Mountain Press Centre, Zhangjiakou Mountain Broadcast Centre etc.
Also, the Head Office and branches set up Games-time command centres in the three zones to provide 24 7 off-venue services and ensure secure and stable financial service during the Games time.
Spanning over two centuries, BOC has gone through a lot and is a historical epitome and witness of China s financial industry that struggled to grow amid domestic turmoil and foreign aggression, revived after the founding of new China, thrived after the reform and opening-up, and forged ahead in the new era.
Y ears of Dedication to BOC s Original Aspiration of Serving the Country 02Feature For the prosperity of the country, social progress and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, BOC took being the national economic hub as its own responsibility and consciously shouldered the historical mission of revitalising the national financial industry.
In the late Qing Dynasty and the early period of the Republic of China, China was under threat and the Chinese people were subjected to untold misery.
Foreign capital monopolised China s international exchange and foreign trade, grabbing huge political and economic interests.
By approval of Dr. Sun Yat-sen, Bank of China was founded in Shanghai on February 5, 1912 to perform a central bank s functions acting as a financial hub, in a bid to consolidate During the period of socialist revolution and reconstruction, BOC was committed to the great cause of consolidating the new political power and socialist reconstruction under the care and support the central government.
As the designated and specialised foreign exchange For the prosperity of the country, social progress and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, BOC acted as a specialised foreign exchange bank of the country, and consciously shouldered the historical mission of supporting China s economic growth and foreign trade.
During the period of reform and opening up as well as socialist modernisation, BOC fully leveraged distinctive advantages in operating foreign exchange all along, supported the construction of national basic industries and major projects, and became the main channel for the country to raise funds and attract investment.
BOC also took the lead in completing the joint-stock reform, A-Share and H-Share initial public offerings and a dual listing, realising a historic leap in business development.
Meanwhile, BOC actively supported China back to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, greatly participated in the international financial governance system on behalf of China, and gave full support to the strategies of going global and internationalisation of renminbi.
BOC was the first state-owned financial institution to get enrolled in the lists of Global 500 and Global Systemically Important Banks, and later maintained on the lists consecutively.
For the prosperity of the country, social progress and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, BOC gave full play to its role as a major financial power of the country, and consciously shouldered the historical mission of contributing to the reform and opening up and deepening financial reform.
During the time of frequent wars, a shattered economy and instability, BOC took the lead in reforming the management mechanism and businesses by drawing on advanced experiences with a visionary aim of building into a modern and international bank.
BOC endeavoured to expand its global network, supported national industry and commerce, led the building of industry credit, clearing and settlement system.
A Glance of the Extraordinary 110 Y ears On February 5, 1912, the Bank of China was established at No. 3 Hankou Road, Shanghai (now No. 50).
China launched its First Five-Year Plan for economic development from 1953 to 1957.
During this period, BOC provided great support for China s economic growth from iron & steel production to railway transportation.
bank, BOC became responsible for managing China s foreign exchange operations, carried out international trade settlement, overseas Chinese remittances and other non-trade foreign exchange businesses, and raised foreign exchange to support the development of ocean transportation and foreign trade.
In spite of all obstacles, BOC gave full support to key industries of national economy such as textiles, metallurgy, mechanism, chemistry and light industries, and broke through the economic blockade and isolation of China by western countries, becoming an important window and bridge for China to communicate with the world at that time.
Afterwards the Great Wall card found its way to every corner of the country.
In 1989, Bank of China became the first Chinese enterprise to be listed among Global 500 and has maintained the status for 33 years in a row as of the end of 2021.
18 19 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 19 18The Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge opened to traffic on October 23, 2018.
As the sole lead bank and agent bank of the main bridge project syndicate, BOC has continued to support the construction of the project and the opening of the bridge, contributing to the integration of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao.
BOC has actively implemented the national strategy for regional development and vigorously supported the development of key strategic areas.
In 2014, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei coordinated development strategy was formally put forward.
BOC has actively promoted connectivity and industrial integration in the Beijing- Tianjin-Hebei region.
This is a period when BOC embraces the fastest development with the best quality.
In 2020, thanks to BOC s targeted poverty alleviation efforts, 1, 034 impoverished villages in four counties of Xianyang, Shaanxi Province had been lifted out of poverty.
In November 2018, BOC became the only comprehensive service provider in the banking industry of the first China International Import Expo (CIIE).
As at the end of 2021, it had provided comprehensive financial services for the CIIE for four consecutive years.
In 2020, domestic and overseas institutions of Bank of China endeavored to collect anti-pandemic supplies to fight against COVID-19 worldwide.
New height of business performance and strength Rooted in China s steady, healthy and fast development of economy and society, BOC secured extraordinary achievements with high-quality and development and leapfrogging catch-up.
The Group s total assets and liabilities doubled in years efforts, equivalent to building another BOC.
BOC improved its ranking from the ninth place in 2012 to the fourth place among Top 1, 000 World Banks by The Banker, stepping into the ranks of global advanced large banks.
The three major international rating agencies consecutively rated the Bank with the highest level among domestic comparable peers.
New achievements in serving the national strategies Keeping in mind the strategic overall situation of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and the profound changes unseen in a century, BOC performed responsibilities as a large bank, and constantly improved the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy.
Moreover, BOC developed technology finance to help solve problems that hinder the country s development, granted more inclusive loans and propelled the economy toward green and low- carbon development.
BOC also helped the four North- Xianyang counties and nearly 1, 000 impoverished villages across the country fight against poverty, expanded county- level finance and served the rural revitalisation.
New breakthroughs in deepening reform across the board Contentiously implementing the two consistencies, BOC improved corporate governance mechanism, and modernised the governance system and capacity of state-owned financial institutions.
By stimulating vitality, making agile response and achieving breakthroughs in key areas, BOC designed on the whole and turned its blueprint for development into reality.
With deep and systemic reform implemented orderly, BOC held the national polices and guidance as benchmarks, formulated and carried out the 14th Five-Year Plan for Development, and achieved historical changes and strategic transformation in more and more key fields with wisdom across the board.
New advantages in globalised and integrated operation BOC actively participated in the new situation of a higher- level opening up, and improved its capabilities to provide comprehensive services in all fronts.
With institutions spanning across 62 countries and regions and the most comprehensive platform for diversified integrated operation, BOC actively assisted domestic enterprises in higher-level international competition, and endeavoured to realise accessing the Bank s global resources and services at any point of contact.
In addition, BOC continued to innovate financial services for the Belt and Road Initiative, maintained the largest amount of cross-border RMB settlement and clearing, and stayed ahead of domestic peers in terms of international settlement, currencies and amount of foreign exchange and foreign exchange trading.
New results in forestalling and defusing financial risks Adhering to thinking about worst-case scenarios and upholding a systematic concept, BOC coped with changes unseen in a century and a series of major events calmly.
Through constant improvement of comprehensive risk management, BOC consolidated the foundations for the whole Bank s sustainable development.
As at the end of 2021, the non- performing loans to total loans of the Group was 1. 33, which kept a lower NPL ratio compared with peers.
The past 110 years of Bank of China are 110 years of adhering to the original aspiration and serving the country through finance, 110 years of striving forward against all odds, and 110 years of making innovations on the basis of tradition for a better future.
On the new journey, BOC will further advance our cause, build on achievements by seize opportunities, and shoulder important tasks with courage to create another century of glory.
Achievements of 110 Y ears Development
20 21 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 20 21Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Finance is the blood vessel of economy.
In 2021, BOC performed responsibilities as a large state-owned bank.
We offered quality, efficient financial services for investment in and development of local major projects, improvement in people s livelihood, etc.
Through innovative products and services, we stepped up support for infrastructure construction, rail transport, key livelihood projects, industrial technological innovation, eco- environmental protection and winter sports in the region, fueling higher- quality coordinated development of the region in the new stage.
As at the end of 2021, the balance of loans to the projects of the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region was RMB308. 9 billion, of which RMB113. 5 was issued in 2021 in total.
As at the end of 2021, Beijing Branch supported 17 metro lines construction with cumulative outstanding loans of over RMB34. 5 billion.
In 2021, BOC Tianjin Branch successfully participated in the syndicated loans for Tianjin Metro Line 6 construction and the phase-I project of Line 10, cumulatively contributing tranches of RMB5. 65 billion.
Transportation goes first in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei coordinated development
22 23 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Supporting the Construction of Xiongan New AreaSupporting Yangtze River Delta Integration We continuously increased financial support for Xiongan New Area as we took it as a mission to provide high-standard services for the construction of the area.
As at the end of 2021, we approved verified credit limits of RMB290. 3 billion to major projects and enterprises in the area, RMB21 billion of which had been cumulatively extended.
Most of the funds flew into key fields such as green credit, infrastructure and strategic emerging industries, powerfully backing the major construction projects including the four vertical lines & two horizontal lines high-speed rail network, four vertical lines & three horizontal lines expressway network and community rebuilding.
Railway The Railway e-Card convenient service was promoted.
We have by far activated the use of the Railway e-Card in three intercity railways in the Yangtze River Delta, namely, the Nanjing-Anqing line, the Shanghai-Nanjing line and the Nanjing-Qidong line.
As at the end of 2021, a total of 275, 200 Railway e-Cards in the Yangtze River Delta were distributed.
Public transport The convenient service for public transport scenarios was refined.
As at the end of 2021, we enabled passengers to scan a QR code to take bus in Shanghai, Ningbo, Suzhou, Changzhou and Wuxi in the Yangtze River Delta; besides, the service has fully covered all bus lines and metro lines in Ningbo.
In cooperation with the Xiongan New Area Investment Promotion Service Centre, the Xiongan Intelligent City Innovation Federation and the Xiongan Blockchain Lab, we developed and put into use the scientific innovation service block chain platform of Xiongan New Area, and launched our online loan products on the platform.
The platform is designed to promote the transformation of our inclusive finance service towards the high-tech, intelligent services of the block chain and internet, and enhance our capability and quality of financial services for micro and small enterprises.
Relying on the advantage in the block chain technology in Xiongan New Area, we launched the first pilot scenario of block chain e-CNY in China, where salaries were paid in the form of e-CNY through the Block Chain Payment Platform.
Through the programme, we accumulated precious experience in financial innovation exploration for Xiongan New Area.
As at the end of 2021, the Bank s four major institutions based in the Greater Bay Area recorded a balance of loans of over RMB3. 5 trillion.
Meanwhile, by integrating wealth management and cross-border finance, we launched the BOC Cross-Border Wealth Management Express with multiple products selected based on the characteristics of the Guangdong-Hong Kong- Macao markets, aiming to provide a convenient channel to allocate cross-border assets for residents in the Greater Bay Area.
Up to now, over 11, 000 clients have signed up.
We equipped outlets in Guangdong with smart counters that enable the identification of Hong Kong and Macao resident certificates.
Clients holding the Mainland Travel Permits for Hong Kong and Macao Residents or Hong Kong Macao resident ID cards can directly handle the opening of a debit card or mobile banking over the smart counters.
A card can be obtained or mobile banking can be activated instantly on the spot.
The service allows Hong Kong and Macao residents to quickly acquire a domestic BOC bank account.
The underlying trades covered commodities such as crude oil, coal and corn.
The new-type transactions of payment and collection facilitation under international trade accounted for over 80 of the total business volume in the province.
We offered the investment and loan linkage service for the credit risk compensation fund established by the Hainan Provincial Science and Technology Bureau.
As at the end of 2021, we extended a total of RMB181. 10 million worth of Hainan High-tech Loan to 39 local high- tech enterprises.
Professional one-to-one wealth management service was offered by the outlets in Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao to clients of BOC Cross-Border Wealth Management Express.
Besides, one-to-one service with respect to investor protection and other aspects was enhanced so that customers can access safe, consistent service experience in the Greater Bay Area.
During the year, we signed the cooperative agreements with local governments of Sichuan-Chongqing Gaozhu New Area and Yibin City to accelerate support for the development of the local economy and the construction of the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle.
In 2021, the balance of loans to the Hainan Free Trade Port increased by RMB12. 6 billion.
Straightening cross- border investment channelsWe launched the Macao Cross- border Wallet, through which convenient, quick domestic mobile payment service was offered to customers from Hong Kong and Macao.
At the same time, we vigorously promoted the serial cards with the Greater Bay Area theme, and developed Business Connect to provide preferential treatments for Hong Kong and Macao consumers.
We launched a cross-border, online and one-stop service that allows Macao residents to handle Zhuhai social security.
Facilitating the Belt and Road InitiativeExpanding Cross- Border Financial Services In adherence to the principles of achieving shared growth through consultation and collaboration, we boosted the high- quality development of the Belt and Road Initiative in terms of policy communication, facility interconnectivity, trade facilitation, financing availability and people-to- people bonds, with an aim of realising high-standard, sustainable development that improves people s wellbeing.
As at the end of 2021, the presence of our overseas institutions covered 62 countries and regions, including 41 countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative.
We also followed up over 700 key projects in the Belt and Road region, and cumulatively extended credit support of about USD223 billion to the Belt and Road countries.
We pioneered in launching bonds with a Belt and Road theme, through which funds of USD14. 6 billion equivalent were raised.
Moreover, the Belt and Road International Financial Exchange & Cooperation Seminars initiated by us had been held for eighth time.
We deepened innovation in the cross- border business mode, continuously enhanced the capability of delivering financial services for new business forms and new modes of foreign trade, enriched the assortment of cross- border trade financing products and services, strengthened the digital service capability, deepened the development of the block chain platform and actively explored cross-border financial services.
By the end of 2021 The presence of our overseas institutions covered key projects in the Belt and Road regionWe also followed up over Cumulatively extended credit support of about to the Belt and Road countries We pioneered in launching bonds with a Belt and Road theme, through which funds of equivalent were raisedIncluding Supporting the development of new business forms under foreign trade In 2021, we entered into the Special Agreement on Supporting High-quality Development of New Business Forms and New Modes of Foreign Trade with China Export & Credit Insurance Corporation.
The two parties will take this as an opportunity to carry out business innovation practice in new business forms, with concerted efforts to extend high-quality financing services for the new business forms and new modes of foreign trade.
BOC signs the Special Agreement on Supporting High-quality Development of New Business Forms and New Modes of Foreign Trade with China Export & Credit Insurance Corporationcountries and regionscountries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative 27 26
28 29 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Enriching the assortment of cross-border trade financing products and services We released the fully upgraded version of BOC Cross-border E-commerce Connect, a brand under which we offer inclusive payment and collection services under import and export for cross- border e-commerce.
We increased support for RMB internationalisation through continuously enhancing our capabilities of product R&D and innovation in service and taking an active part in policy formulation and research.
As at the end of 2021, we handled RMB632 trillion worth of cross-border RMB clearing transactions, representing a year-on-year growth of 34; the Group completed RMB11. 26 trillion of cross-border RMB settlements, a year-on-year increase of 22. 36.
We invited 640 overseas exhibitors and 766 buyers to the event; due to our efforts, 273 intents of cooperation were reached on the spot, amounting to USD3. 699 billion.
Upon receipt of a payment collection instruction or order submitted by a quality corporate customer, we can directly handle cross-border RMB settlement service under trade in goods and trade in service.
We hosted online cloud CIIE promotion fair for Latin America and other overseas regions, encouraged Frankfurt Branch, BOCHK, BOC (New Zealand) and other overseas branches to provide assistance for the CIIE Bureau in hosting cloud CIIE promotion activities, and invited local customers to the activities.
The product is connected to the Yiwu International Trade Information Service Platform to offer exchange settlement support under procurement trade to individuals, better meeting the requirement of self-employed individuals engaged in foreign trade for exchange settlement service.
Exchange settlement service for SMEs engaged in market procurement trade We launched the BOC Cross-border e Procurement Express service in Shandong, Hubei, Guangdong, Zhejiang, etc., offering overt, online, facilitating exchange settlement services to export-oriented SMEs and self-employed individuals engaged in procurement trade.
Facilitated cross-border settlement for new offshore trade We offered convenient cross-border funds settlement service to areas covered by the pilot programme on new-type offshore trade facilitation in Suzhou, Ningbo and other places.
We have by far completed the first settlement under entrusted overseas processing under new- type offshore trade.
BOC releases the BOC Cross-border E-commerce Connect on the 130th China Import and Export Fair Advancing digital transformation of cross-border business Supporting exchange settlement for individuals through the innovative product Easy Settlement Express trade enterprises and convenient online services for cross-border business, and improved the efficiency of handling exchange rate interest rate hedging business and customer experience through bank-enterprises link interfaces.
Boosting RMB Internationalisation Serving CIIEPromoting the facilitation of cross-border trade activities Promoting CIIE overseas Inviting domestic investorsEnhancing the international influence of RMB
30 31 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 135 RMB521. 578 billion In September 2021, BOC Guangdong Branch hosted the specialized and innovative cross- border matchmaking activity for small and medium-sized enterprises held at the 17th China International Small and Medium Enterprises Fair and Small and Medium Enterprises International Cooperation Forum 31 30Pushing Forward Industrial Transformation and UpgradingWith great attention paid to the development of strategic emerging industries and the transformation and upgrading of advantageous traditional industries, we continuously stepped up efforts in research and policy formulation in relevant fields, vigorously supported clusters of emerging industries and ecological development of industries, and helped build a modern industrial technology system that is advanced, applicable, autonomous, controllable, open and inclusive.
The Guideline of Bank of China on Credit Extension to Industries (Version 2021) explicitly states that the Bank will prioritise strategic emerging industries and advanced manufacturing, and selectively support leading enterprises with core competitiveness in such key industries as the new-generation IT industry, high-end CNC machine tools and robots, aerospace equipment, advanced rail transit equipment, energy-saving and new-energy vehicles, power equipment, new materials, biomedicine and high- performance medical apparatus and instruments, marine engineering and high- tech shipbuilding, agricultural machinery and equipment.
Meanwhile, we developed standards for evaluating advanced manufacturers, clarified such standards for some manufacturing segments in terms of technology, product, experience, market among other dimensions, and stepped up support.
At the same time, we timely adjusted our credit strategy for high- carbon industries such as coal power, iron & steel, petrochemicals, chemicals, non- ferrous metals, and building materials in a way that pressed for capacity replacement and green renovation and lowered energy consumption and emissions.
As the end of 2021, the corporate credit to brown industries of the Bank accounted less than 10 of total corporate loans.
Echeng Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. is the largest building steel production base, an important industrial steel production base and an emerging high-end steel panel production base in Hubei Province.
Its products are widely used in infrastructure construction projects of water conservancy, hydro power and railway.
BOC Hubei Branch conducted an overall evaluation on risk points including environmental protection and industry policy and granted reasonable credit limits to the enterprise based on its actual operation and development status and the evaluation results.
In terms of trade financing, the branch simplified the financing formalities, efficiently completed approval for money distribution and offered it the maximum preferential treatment in exchange settlement under import and export, thereby lowering its financing costs.
The branch initiated the establishment of a creditors committee, and pressed the company to upgrade to green and intelligent manufacturing.
At present, the company manages to dispose of solid wastes in its factory, recycles waste water and has super- low emissions of dust fall.
By the end of 2021 The balance of loans to strategic emerging industries totaled Up RMB299. 335 billion or over the beginning of the yearHelping Echeng Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. realise industrial transformation
32 33 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 33 32RMB146. 904 billion Profoundly Developing Inclusive FinancePositioning inclusive finance as a strategic business related to our sustainable development, we formulated the 14th Five-Year Plan on Inclusive Finance of Bank of China and actively assumed the responsibility as a major state-owned bank by focusing on serving the real economy and boosting high-quality development of inclusive finance.
With an orientation to digital inclusive finance, we accelerated innovation in inclusive finance modes, strove to build an inclusive finance service system with commercial banking as the body, rural finance as a distinct feature, consumer finance and public benefit services as supplements, and endeavoured to provide more financial drivers for improvement in people s livelihood and social development.
As at the end of 2021, the balance of inclusive finance loans to micro and small enterprises that meet the two no-less-than and two control requirements recorded RMB881. 5 billion, representing a growth rate of 53 during the year; the number of accounts of such loans went up 32 to 620, 000.
We launched the Inclusive Loan series of online products for micro and small enterprises and business owners.
Through mining and analysing enterprises internal and external data and utilising such technological means as the internet, big data and biometric authentication, we set up an automatic risk control system that enables comprehensive evaluation of micro and Customer end Business endTotal loans extended amounting to Logo of the inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan Focusing on Micro and Small Enterprises and Helping More Enterprises Access Inclusive Finance ServiceBuilding the inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan Innovative digital inclusive finance services small enterprises and online handling of financing services from customer application, review and approval to withdrawal and repayment, thus improving the facilitation and availability of finance to micro and small enterprises.
As at the end of 2021, the Inclusive Loan series served close to 100, 000 enterprises with total loans extended amounting to RMB146. 904 billion.
Customer experience Customers were enabled to make self- service application via corporate online banking, mobile banking and other online service channels without submitting many materials.
Reinforcing the capability of comprehensive use of data In pace with the enterprise-level architecture development, we consolidated the personal loan customer data foundation, supported retrieval of external data such as data from taxation authorities and the industrial and commercial administration organ in offline handling of loans, enriched the dimensions of loan data and improved the capabilities of anti-fraud detection and risk identification.
Upgrading the management mode of Tax Loan We lifted the limits on Tax Loan so that branches would not be restricted by the online business limits.
A credit model was developed for self-employed individuals to enhance the customer service capability.
As for outstanding loan holders, we simplified the pre-lending survey and approval procedures to improve customer experience.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National StrategiesBOC supports China (Qinghai) International Ecological Expo with BOC E-cooperation RMB60 billion RMB50 billion Helping enterprises with MSE Benefit Loan Joining hands with enterprises via BOC E-cooperation In consideration of the characteristics of micro and small enterprises financing needs, namely short term, small, frequent and prompt needs, we launched a service scheme named MSE Benefit Loan under the inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan to increase support for the customer group.
Under the scheme, we verify a certain limit on short-term working capital loans for those micro and small enterprises On the Inclusive Loan BOC E-cooperation platform, we innovatively created the scenario finance service mode based on IT technologies such as big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence.
The platform is designed to act as a bridge and bond connecting demands and supplies and helping that make collections and payments frequently in production and operation.
Within the limit, the enterprises can withdraw money multiple times, return money in installments and recycle the loan money for day-to-day production and operation activities.
Since its launch in April 2021, we verified over RMB50 billion worth of credit limits under MSE Benefit Loan and cumulatively extended close to RMB60 billion.
We verified over worth of credit limits under MSE Benefit Loan Cumulatively extended close to governments bring in investments through building an online offline bank-government-enterprise ecosystem and breaking service boundaries of customer groups of enterprises, government bodies and chambers of commerce.
This broadened sales channels of dairy products makers, green food makers, alcohol processors and manufacturers, green agricultural and livestock producers and helped them reach intents of cooperation.
On the exact day, many customers went to the site for face-to-face communication with enterprises from outside the province.
We organised the supply-demand matchmaking conference for the CIIE for four consecutive years, as well as matchmaking activities for the China International Consumer Products Expo, China International Fair for Trade in Services and China Import and Export Fair.
As at the end of 2021, we cumulatively hosted 89 business matchmaking activities, providing financing intelligent services for close to 40, 000 enterprises from 126 countries and regions throughout the globe.
The zones attracted nearly 1, 000 micro and small enterprises to the platform, which publicised close to 1, 000 pieces of information on supply of raw materials, product selling and technical cooperation.
Relying on our experience in delivering targeted support to four prioritised counties under national poverty alleviation and development, namely Chunhua County, Xunyi County, Changwu County and Yongshou County ( four North-Xianyang counties hereinafter) in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province, we designed a module with the theme of rural revitalisation on the BOC E-cooperation platform, created a special zone of investment promotion for the four North-Xianyang counties under the module, and launched business promotion dedicated to Xianyang City and the four North- Xianyang counties, in an effort to boost the rural revitalisation in the counties.
Boosting bank- government- enterprise collaborationAssisting targeted areas under the BOC s poverty alleviation programme in pursuing prosperity Creating more sales for enterprises through BOC E-cooperation
36 37 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies37 Deepening Financial Services Related to People s Livelihood in Four Scenarios Centring on the four major scenarios, namely cross-border scenario, education scenario, sports scenario and grey- hair scenario, we continuously stepped up the development of our basic capabilities, improved service measures for specific scenarios, and accelerated building of a scenario-based financial services ecosystem, with dedication to building a convenient, efficient system of banking products and comprehensive services for the general public.
Cross-Border Scenario Education Scenario Sports Scenario Grey-Hair Scenario We released the BOC Cross-border GO APP, which offered professional and considerate cross-border services for cross-border customers; and launched the WeChat mini-programme BOC Compass targeted at non-resident clients, to further satisfy the diversified requirements of overseas customers after entering the Chinese border for consumption payment, remuneration management, investment & wealth management.
We optimised and upgraded over 40 core financial products based on our deep understanding of changes in the market and customer needs, embedding the feature of foreign-currency banknote reservation onto Huawei s HarmonyOS, Alipay, www.
We developed the sub-scenario for students studying abroad.
We released the Forbes Guideline on International Schools in China and the Whitepaper on Chinese Studying Abroad jointly with cooperative institutions, built 10-odd prioritised non-financial services centring on the whole cycle of students studying abroad experience, embedded over 20 financial features and created one-stop cross-border scenario-based service experience.
We pressed forward the development of Beijing 2022 scenario, carried out in-depth cooperation with major leading sports venues in China and important winter sports events, and popularisation activities together with the General Administration of Sport of China to encourage more people to engage in winter sports, making the target of Inspire 300 Million People to Participate in Ice or Snow Sports achievable.
We debuted the Grey-hair Map, an online elderly care resources exhibiting platform at the First China International Consumer Products Expo to provide product and services information on quality-guaranteed elderly care institutions for the elderly.
As at the end of 2021, 160 such institutions across 24 provinces and municipalities had registered on the platform.
We promoted the whole-cycle education service platform in 35 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, which covers over 15, 000 educational institutions and serves 4. 25 million personal customers.
We enriched the experience of online users, upgraded the sports zone of mobile banking, and enriched the contents, thus to improve user experience.
The special elderly zone had 2. 658 million users logging in, and 7. 469 million clicks on login, all in a cumulative manner.
In the year, we set up 58 new model outlets featuring grey-hair service and turned 218 outlets into elderly finance-featured outlets.
Moreover, we revised the Action Plan of Bank of China on Facilitating Rural Revitalisation, which specifies key measures for supporting rural revitalisation and sets the targets of an increment of RMB1 trillion in agriculture-related loans extended and an average annual growth rate not lower than 10 throughout the Bank during the 14th Five-Year Plan period.
By the end of 2021Innovating in Agriculture- Related Products and ServicesDeepening Cooperation with Agriculture-Related Entities Bettering the Diversified Service System We worked out service schemes of Inclusive Loan New Agriculture Connect, Inclusive Loan Farmland Loan and Inclusive Loan MSE Benefit Loan, and actively supported new-type agricultural operators, high-standard farmland constructors and agriculture product processors by satisfying their diversified, multi-level requirements for financial services; We developed Rural Revitalisation Loan Agricultural Benefit Loan to solve problems with traditional agricultural credit business such as insufficient customer information, small service coverage, high customer acquisition cost and inadequate risk mitigation; We launched innovative products to help farmers such as Cotton Loan, Benefit Farmer Lucky E Loan and Tea Merchant E Loan and continuously refined the pro- agriculture financial product system; We popularised the platform for management of assets, resources and funds in rural areas, launched a pilot programme on building a circulation platform for trading property rights in rural areas, and helped with standardised operation of assets, resources and funds in rural areas; We launched the credit card themed with rural revitalisation in October 2021, and allocated more financial resources to the key areas and weak links of rural economy.
We pushed forward cooperation with agriculture and rural area administrations at all levels and agriculture- featured industrial service platforms, built a digital agriculture-related product system and made use of digital technology to enhance the role of inclusive finance in boosting rural revitalisation; We advanced cooperation with the National Agricultural Credit Guarantee Alliance in active marketing of express credit facility to new-type agricultural operators.
Upholding the development principle of supporting agriculture-related and small businesses with a footing on county-level development, BOC Fullerton Community Bank founded 126 community- based banks and 189 sub-branches across China, covering county-level rural areas in 22 provinces (municipalities).
It is the community-based banking group with the largest number of domestic institutions and the widest business scale in China.
As at the end of 2021, BOC Fullerton Community Bank recorded a balance of loans of RMB70. 9 billion, and the loans per account reached RMB160, 000.
BOC Guizhou Branch supports the development of kiwifruit industry in Liupanshui City with BOC Farmer Loan The balance of agriculture- related loans recorded The balance of agriculture- related inclusive loans reached new county-level institutions in 2021We set up Stretching our presence to counties previously uncoveredWith a growth rate of during the year during the year
40 41 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains 40 41Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) In recent years, with the commitment to ecological priority and green development, China has highlighted ecological conservation, incorporating it into the overall plan for building socialism with Chinese characteristics in five fields, and specifying the key nodes and major tasks for the goals of achieving carbon peaking before 2030 and carbon neutrality before 2060.
Actively promoting ecological conservation, Bank of China placed an emphasis on green finance.
With the aim to become the first choice for green financial services, we supported the sustainable development of China and the world with practical actions.
We remained committed to green development to build up our core competitiveness in commercial banking in the new era; we made financial innovations to provide targeted support for green industries; we applied different policies to different industries to boost their prosperity; we consolidated our foundation for the establishment of a green financial standard system; we conducted international cooperation to enhance the efficiency of global green financial resource allocation.
All these efforts have contributed to moving China closer to the carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals and the international community closer to the Paris Climate Agreement goals.
Senior Management Professional TeamsGovernance FrameworkGovernance System of Green FinanceWe thoroughly implemented the concepts of green development and green transformation by putting Xi Jinping thought on ecological progress fully into effect and closely following the Bank s 14th Five-Year Plan.
As a result, green credit grew rapidly, the volume of green bond underwritten led the market, and globalised and integrated operations showed outstanding advantages.
Green finance gradually became our new calling card.
In 2021, the group held four meetings to study and communicate national green finance polices and review the Bank s major green finance strategies and policies.
The Board of Directors reviewed green finance related issues on a regular basis, directed and supervised key works relevant to green finance.
In 2021, the Board listened to the report on green finance development in 2020, reviewed and approved the 14th Five Year Plan of Bank of China for Green Finance, covering the development of green finance business, management of environmental and social risks, and green performance of institutions and other major issues.
Throughout the year, the committee coordinated and advanced the work on green finance among business lines and institutions of the Group.
Domestic and overseas branches set up a corresponding inter-departmental leading mechanism for green finance.
Full-time or part-time specialists were arranged in all departments to carry out green credit, green bonds, environmental and social risk management, carbon market services, data system construction, operational carbon neutrality and other related businesses.
Domestic and overseas branches and comprehensive operation companies had set green finance departments, teams or employees in place for relevant work.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains 42Focusing on the national carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals, we integrated green finance into our 14th Five-Year Plan development plan, and established our 1 1 N green finance policy system, and refined relevant policies, to guide the Bank towards deepening green finance practices on all fronts.
Policies and Regulations To ensure the sound implementation of green finance strategies, we incorporated green development, environmental and social risk management and other factors into the assessment system for executives and employees, and allocated special-purposed resources to the green finance business to ensure the effective management of green finance.
These indicators involved quantitative business growth goals, green finance policies and regulations, working mechanisms, personnel allocation, research results, etc.
For industries in restricted categories subject to key regulation of the state and industries with major environmental and social risks, we proactively formulated specific credit guidelines and implemented differentiated and dynamic credit policies as well as risk exposure management systems.
Business Orientation In line with the requirements of the Green Credit Guidelines and Green Finance Development Plan of Bank of China, we incorporated the development of green finance into the scope of audit.
In 2021, the internal audit continued to follow the development of green finance of the Bank, focused on the implementation of national policies and regulatory requirements on green finance by the Head Office and branches as well as their formulation and transmission of green credit rules, including the implementation of green credit requirements in credit approval, granting review and post-loan management.
Major problems found in the audit were reported within corresponding jurisdictions.
This ensured timely and systematic remediation of such problems.
In the year, the internal audit of green credit achieved sound results, effectively enhanced green finance concept across the board, and promoted the improvement of risk control measures for green credit.
In particular, the highly risky Category A customers were subject to more stringent assessment and review measures.
At the same time, according to the Classification Specification of Bank of China for the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries and the Operation Regulations of Bank of China for the Green Credit Statistics Table, we maintained the green loan signs in the credit system, thus improving the quality of green finance-related data.
In 2021, we further strengthened our study on green finance and training on green credit identification and statistics as well as other capacity building programmes, and systematically introduced the differences and key operation of green credit standards.
Data Standards and Systems The primary framework for the policy system for green finance is formed in terms of business development, industry policies, environmental and social risk management, etc., which is strongly supported by corresponding data systems.
The Plan builds a detailed roadmap from 15 aspects including the organisational structure, business development strategies, product innovation, green operation, stress testing, international cooperation, capacity building, and technology empowerment.
Policy system for green financeBank of China Action Plan for Reaching the Goal of Peak Carbon Emissions and Carbon Neutrality Based on the principles of sustainability, responsibility and prudence, the Plan sets forth four strategic goals for the Bank to develop green finance To strive to become the first choice for green financial services; To achieve leapfrog development in green finance business; To properly manage environmental and social risks; To specify the objectives and action plans for carbon neutrality in the operation and asset portfolios of commercial banks.
The Plan expounds the opportunities and challenges facing the Bank in green finance Opportunities The global atmosphere for green finance becomes increasingly strong; Chinese green finance policies provide huge dividends; the green industry has a broad space for development; China is expected to achieve corner overtaking in carbon finance.
Challenges Industrial structural transformation poses a challenge for banks asset allocation; new green finance requirements pose a challenge for banks comprehensive management capacity, including strategic decisions and implementation, information disclosure, products and services, risk management and green operations.
The Plan sets out 45 major requirements in terms of business development pattern, green performance and supporting measures.
We supported production capacity replacement, green transformation, technological upgrading and the like in high-carbon industries.
We guided resources towards key areas such as advanced production capacity, lower unit energy consumption, technology upgrading and transformation, intelligent and efficient operation, and guaranteed energy supply.
In promoting the transformation and upgrading of high-carbon industries, we avoided the one size fitting all approach and campaign-style carbon reduction, and implemented differentiated credit management requirements.
Support for the transformation of high-carbon industries We formulated the Supporting Policies of Bank of China Regarding Corporate Green Credit.
In terms of credit policies for relevant industries involving green development, we provided preferential policies for green projects, and detailed guidance and support for the development of green businesses.
We opened up green approval channels for qualified green projects, allowing them to enjoy preferential credit support such as loan priorities under the same conditions.
Guidance on green credit granting, product innovation, green finance development in pilot areas, green operation, policy support, data quality, risk management and other aspects were given to all branches to make them more capable of executing green finance-related work.
Preferential policies for green projects We formulated the Guidelines of Bank of China on Green Credit, specified the principled risk management requirements for green credit development, and guided credit resources towards the green industries listed in the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries.
We formulated the Business Guidance of Bank of China for Financing Based on Confirmed Electricity Price Subsidies for Renewable Energy, providing greater support for renewable energy enterprises to narrow their financial gaps.
We formulated the Management Measures of Bank of China for Mortgages and Pledges of Carbon Emission Rights, encouraging the expansion of business regarding mortgage and pledge financing based on carbon emission rights, and supporting enterprises in properly managing their carbon assets.
Greater support for green industries
46 47 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Business Development of Green Finance 47 46We deepened and refined our long- effect development mechanism for green finance, vigorously developed green credit, green bonds and other core businesses, and launched new green finance products in many business lines.
Green Finance Domestic Commercial Banking Targeting the national trading markets of carbon emission rights and certified emission reductions, we launched the carbon emission rights pledge financing business in Shanghai, Fujian, Jiangxi, Shenzhen, Inner Mongolia and other regions.
We launched the business of financing based on confirmed electricity price subsidies for renewable energy in Beijing, Fujian, Hebei, Inner Mongolia, Zhejiang and other regions.
In Zixi, a county located in Fuzhou City, Jiangxi Province and included in the first batch of national demonstration counties for ecological progress and the list of national key ecological function zones, the Bank launched a pilot redemption programme for non- state-owned commercial forests.
Loans of RMB130 million were specially provided for the programme to make good use of the local forest resources and improve the economic benefits of the ecological resources.
BOC Guizhou Branch Bijie Sub-Branch granted the National Reserve Forest (Phase I) project in Zhijin County a syndicated loan of RMB350 million.
As at the end of 2021, a total of RMB120 million loans were issued to support national reserve forest development and ecological security.
As at the end of 2021, the balance of our domestic green credit surpassed RMB1. 4 trillion, a year-on-year increase of 57 with an NPL ratio lower than the overall level of the Group.
Bond issuance A total of USD12. 8 billion worth of sustainability series bonds was issued overseas, including USD10. 7 billion in equivalent of green bonds.
Bond underwriting In 2021, RMB129. 4 billion of domestic green bonds were underwritten, ranking the first among commercial banks; USD23. 4 billion of overseas green bonds were underwritten, ahead of Chinese enterprises listed on the Global Offshore Green Bond by Bloomberg.
Bond investment Green bond investments grew rapidly, and topped the Investment List of Green Debt Financing Instruments in 2021 by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII).
We issued the first public offering transmission bonds among global financial institutions, with a scale of RMB5 billion equivalent.
We issued the first biodiversity- themed green bonds among global financial institutions, with a scale of RMB1. 8 billion equivalent.
The funds raised were for the demonstration of ecological construction in China, ecological restoration in mountainous areas, ecological water network, national reserve forest, transformation of low quality and low efficiency forest and other projects with biodiversity conservation benefits.
We issued the world s first sustainability relinked bonds, Leading market position in green bonds with a scale of USD300 million.
The bonds aimed to promote ESG financing, to provide bond investors with opportunities to participate in sustainability relinked loan programmes under controllable risks, and to encourage relevant economic entities to focus on and keep improving carbon emission reductions and other ESG performance.
We supported our client to debut the first carbon-neutral securitised product in China, with a scale of RMB1. 75 billion equivalent.
The funds raised were all for renewable energy projects such as wind power, hydropower and PV.
We acted as the exclusive green structuring advisor for China s first local government overseas bonds and assisted the issuer in obtaining overseas green bond certification.
We underwrote the first green personal auto loan asset-backed security (ABS) in China.
The balance of our domestic green credit surpassed RMB1. 4 trillionHighlights of innovationHighlights of innovationBOC remained committed to establishing the green financial pattern of One Mainstay, Two Engines, where domestic commercial banking serves as the main body flanked by the two wings of globalised and integrated operations.
In particular, BOC Zhejiang Branch Huzhou Sub-Branch was designated as the first Head Office-level pilot branch for green finance.
These specialised institutions worked hard to innovate green financial products and provide green and low-carbon transformation plans for the pilot zones.
Under the cooperation agreement with the National Carbon Emission Registration and Clearing Centre, we developed the carbon emission registration and clearing functions in the BOC E-Commerce Express system, providing comprehensive internet financial services including contract signing, fund transfer, balance inquiry, fund clearing and account checking.
In 2021, the growth rate of our green consumer credit exceeded the preset objective of 60.
In Huzhou, we launched Carbon Loan, Loan for VOCs Emission Reduction, Star-class Loan for Green Factories and other products for nearly 100 enterprises.
In Quzhou, we launched the Carbon Account product series.
In Guangzhou, we innovated financial services such as the first loans based on confirmed electricity price subsidies for renewable energy in the wind power industry, the carbon emission right pledge loans, and held the promotion conference themed with Through Train of BOC Industry Chain Investment, Loan, Bond and Stock Carbon-Neutral Bond of Green Finance.
We also launched the first carbon-neutral bonds for local state-owned enterprises in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area in Zhuhai.
Deepened support for green finance pilot zones Support for the development of carbon trading platforms In collaboration with Shanghai United Assets and Equity Exchange and Shanghai Environment and Energy Exchange, Shanghai Branch formulated the complete operation specifications for financing with carbon emission quotas as effective pledges and risk mitigators, and launched the carbon quota pledge financing service.
Green inclusive finance and green public welfare We launched the Inclusive Loan Carbon Loan service programme, providing micro and small green enterprises with exclusive credit channels to solve the capital needs of green enterprises in multiple dimensions.
As at the end of 2021, the balance of green inclusive loans reached RMB7. 01 billion, a year- on-year increase of 73. 6.
We launched the UnionPay credit card themed with green and low carbon for personal customers, guiding them towards a green and low-carbon life.
As an exclusive partner for the Green Fortune programme in Shanghai, we distributed a total of more than one million sets of green fortune cards in over 2, 200 local communities, and actively participated in the construction of the city s first demonstration base for green, low-carbon and recyclable products.
Highlights of innovation Highlights of innovationHighlights of innovation Highlights of innovation In September 2021, we signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, becoming the first commercial bank to have done so in the field of financial services for carbon neutrality.
The two sides agree to carry out in-depth collaboration in climate investment and financing, pollution prevention and control, carbon market development, international environmental and energy cooperation and other fields to jointly promote the comprehensive green transformation of economic and social development.
The programme adopted a credit model based on the results of the Carbon Efficiency Code evaluation.
Differentiated interest rates, credit lines, loan scale and other resources were tilted to green enterprises to support their green and low-carbon production and improvement in energy-saving and carbon-reducing technology.
Since July 2021, Industrial Carbon Loan has supported 40 companies, with a total scale of RMB600 million.
The product was ranked among the 2021 Innovative Cases of Green Financial Products and Services in Huzhou with the highest score.
The programme involved the provision of up to RMB10 million credit loans for micro and small enterprises labeled as dark green, light green or yellow in the evaluation of carbon emission intensity.
At the same time, the Bank opened up green channels for enterprises to enjoy priority in green loan approval and granting, and offered them relevant preferential interest rates.
With the funds, we don t have to worry about our equipment transformation and technology development in the next step!
Head of A Huzhou Driving Technology Co., Ltd.
50 51 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Focusing on the requirements of national economic restructuring and industrial development strategies, we gave full play to our advantages in integrated operations, and intensified financial supply and services for green projects in terms of investment, bonds, investment banking, insurance, leasing, asset management and others.
Green Finance Integration As the first institution to be approved to participate in the establishment of the National Green Development Fund Co., Ltd., the Bank will invest RMB8 billion to support the development of the national green industry.
After the introduction of the ESG investment concept, BOCIM issued the BOC Shanghai Clearing House 0 5 Year ADBC Bond Index Fund with a scale of RMB5. 06 billion, and developed an ESG- themed UCITIS fund for cross-border cooperation.
BOC Wealth Management invested RMB40. 2 billion in green and low-carbon assets.
BOCI provided IPO sponsorship and underwriting, post-IPO refinancing debt issuance, M&A and other services for green companies involved in solid waste treatment, renewable resources, new energy and other fields.
Through innovation in green product portfolios, BOC Insurance assumed insurance liabilities of approximately RMB8. 3 billion.
In the meantime, the institution developed nine additional insurance products for environmental pollution liability insurance and three additional ones for construction insurance involving pollution liabilities.
With the investment opportunities in green industries, BOC Asset Investment participated in green industry projects such as clean power generation, energy storage, clean energy equipment manufacturing, energy conservation and environmental protection, clean energy equipment manufacturing, and energy conservation and environmental protection through market-oriented debt-to- equity swaps.
As at the end of 2021, BOC Asset Investment invested a total of RMB27. 9 billion in green industries, an amount which accounted for more than 40 of the total investments.
BOCG Investment invested a total of RMB11. 1 billion in eight green projects on the new energy vehicle industry chain on a cumulative basis.
The institution issued USD600 million five-year senior unsecured green bonds to raise funds for green projects such as clean transportation and renewable energy.
BOCI China acted as the co-lead underwriter for China Huaneng Group s issuance of RMB2 billion carbon neutrality corporate bonds.
The bonds were among the first batch of carbon neutrality green corporate bonds issued on exchanges.
The institution conducted the factoring of green asset- backed securities for Power China to facilitate the development of green new energy.
Green bonds BOCL focused on green transportation, green energy, environmental governance and other industries to increase the proportion of green leasing assets.
In the year, it provided RMB1 billion of funds for the Niulan River-Dianchi Lake water supplementation project in Kunming, Yunnan through financial leasing.
BOC Aviation invested USD2. 1 billion in purchasing energy-efficient aircraft, thus saving more than 20 of unit energy consumption.
Frankfurt Branch participated as the mandated lead arranger in the syndicated loan facility for Borkum Riffgrund 3 offshore wind farm in German with a share of EUR129 million.
The project will boast a total export capacity of 900 MW, and is the first purely commercial and the largest offshore wind power project in German.
New York Branch participated in the 10-year syndicated facility for the Vineyard Wind offshore wind power project.
Joint efforts were made in leading the organisation of the USD1. 016 billion international syndicated facility for London Branch participated as the mandated lead arranger in the GBP7. 58 billion syndicated loan facility for Doggerbank, the world s largest offshore wind power plant.
The branch assisted Transmission Capital Partners in the UK with a GBP230 million M&A financing transaction for the Beatrice Offshore Wind Farm Transmission Assets.
London Branch Luxembourg Branch Macau BranchAfter Luxembourg Branch issued the first green bonds endorsed by a Chinese bank in Europe in 2016, the branch issued dual-currency green bonds in June 2021, raising USD500 million and EUR500 million successfully.
The issuance won great response in the market and both the US dollar and euro were oversubscribed.
Panama Branch, Bank of China Mexico and New York Branch jointly participated in the USD1. 5 billion sustainability-linked syndicated facility for Am rica M vil.
The loan facility was mainly used for clean energy, carbon emissions and other fields.
Tokyo Branch participated in the JPY55 billion four-year first green syndicated loan facility arranged by Prologis in the Japanese market, and signed the JPY60 billion seven-year first green syndicated loan facility agreement with Global Logistic Properties, a global logistics and warehousing company.
Green time deposits BOCHK launched corporate and personal green time deposit products independently certified by third parties in Hong Kong, to raise RMB, HKD and USD funds for green building, renewable energy and pollution prevention industries.
In 2021, the scale of these products grew by approximately HKD3. 98 billion in equivalent.
Green consumption credit Macau Branch launched the Green Loan programme, providing loans with preferential interest rates for local people to buy environmentally friendly electric vehicles, build private charging piles, study environmental protection courses and make other green purchases.
As at the end of 2021, the programme received more than 270 applications, involving an amount of nearly MOP100 million.
In 2021, BOC (UK) issued personal housing mortgage loans, more than 50 of which were used to help customers purchase brand- new properties with the Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) ratings of A and B.
Offshore wind power project financingIntegrated green businesses BOCHK provided green advisory services for CSSC (Hong Kong) Shipping, assisting in the pricing and issuance of USD500 million green and blue double certified bonds.
Sydney Branch customised derivatives hedge plans for clients green financing projects to reduce interest risk for them.
This issuance conformed to the domestic standards for green bonds and the requirements of Green Bond Principles formulated by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA).
Luxembourg Branch promoted China- themed asset management products based on ESG concepts through the BOC Asset Management Platform in Europe.
London Branch participated in developing carbon trading products, and worked on the opening of carbon quota clearing accounts.
Dual-currency green bonds Green loans certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative Macau Branch carried out the green loan project certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative in May 2021.
It is also an active practice of the Bank in implementing financial innovation of the Belt and Road Initiative and expanding cooperation with multi-lateral institutions.
Green trade financing New York Branch issued a green standby letter of credit for the cooperation between General Electric and Sinohydro Corporation Limited on water conservancy equipment trading.
Sydney Branch issued construction guarantees for green projects, and participated in the AUD1. 5 billion sustainability-linked guarantee refinancing syndicate for a subsidiary of China Communications Construction Company Limited.
London Branch participated in the pre-export financing for Iraq s Basrah Gas Co., which was initiated by the International Finance Corporation.
This is the world s first green financing aiming at reducing the emission of associated gas from Iraqi oil fields, and was named the Middle East Gas Deal of the Year 2021 by Project Finance International.
We committed ourselves to establishing an environmental and social risk management mechanism covering the entire process including risk identification, risk assessment and risk monitoring, so as to effectively control relevant risks.
With a focus on the environmental and social impacts of investment and financing activities on localities, we comprehensively streamlined our environmental and social risks in the entire business process, covering target customer selection, business initiation, due diligence, credit approval, contract management, fund appropriation and post-lending management.
We categorised the environmental and social risks of credit customers and financing projects, reduced and mitigated the environmental and social risks in the selected financing projects, and avoided those with major negative environmental and social impacts.
Whole-Process ManagementIn the meantime, we established sound environmental and social risk reporting and monitoring mechanisms.
On such basis, we fully investigated and supervised our environmental and social risks, and offered to communicate with and report to the Board of Directors, regulators and stakeholders.
We updated our risk reports on a regular basis, analysed the risk status and major risk events in the current period, and estimated the risk status for the next period.
Moreover, we reported to the Risk Policy Committee under the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.
We strengthened our communication with clients, employees, suppliers, peers, investors, community residents, environmental protection organisations, the media and regulators.
We strictly followed the environmental protection regulations of localities, and incorporated environmental and social risks and other factors into our management process.
Regular reporting Dynamic monitoring Commutation with stakeholders 55 54 Pursuant to the Classification Criteria for Category A and Category B Projects and Customers, the customer relationship departments classify customers by environmental and social risks, carry out corresponding system labeling, and reexamine their risks on a regular basis.
Category A Customers are those with potential high environmental and social risks (their construction, production and business activities may seriously change the status quo of the environment and cause adverse environmental and social consequences which can hardly be eliminated).
Category B Customers are those with potential medium environmental and social risks (their construction, production, and business activities will cause adverse environmental and social consequences which can be easily eliminated through mitigation measures).
Category C Customers are those with relatively low environmental and social risks (their construction, production and business activities will not cause obvious adverse environmental and social consequences).
Customer classification The Bank carries out due diligence on the environmental and social risks of customers (projects), with a focus on their compliance and compliance risks, including their pollution prevention and control measures, the characteristics of their industries and localities, as well as their policies in climate change and energy management, cultural heritage protection, labor conditions and community health and safety management, and biodiversity and sustainable resource protection.
The Bank makes reasonable and objective judgments on the environmental and social risks of the customers, and provides relevant evaluation and analysis in business initiation reports.
Due diligence The compliance document list is formulated.
The examination of environmental and social risks is taken as a necessary part of credit approval, with specific requirements set out.
Key examinations for high-risk customers The Bank examines the classification, for which relevant business departments can be required to make adjustments; the Bank focuses on how the environmental and social risks of Category A B customers impact credit risks, and mitigation measures can be taken.
The Bank adopts the single-vote veto system in support of environmental protection, providing no credit support for projects that have failed in national environmental impact assessment and other relevant standards.
Credit approval Fund appropriation Post-lending managementContract management Customers with Category A environmental and social risks should be urged to strengthen environmental and social risk management among all clauses in the credit contracts.
In addition to signing such credit contracts, these customers shall make statements and add clauses on strengthening environmental and social risk management.
The Bank carries out dynamic monitoring on environmental protection penalties and other negative public comments, and strengthened post-lending management for high-risk customers.
Environment and Social Risk Management and Control Process for Credit Business How the customers manage their environmental and social risks should be taken as an important basis for the approval and appropriation of credit funds.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsAfter fully assessing the environmental and social risks facing all industries, we added binding requirements on environmental and social risk management to the credit policies for relevant industries.
Key industries Credit policies Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fisheryIn the year, we revised the Credit Policies of Bank of China for Hog Cultivation, and formulated relevant policies for crop seeding, beef rearing, slaughtering, meat processing and other industries.
Mining and metallurgyIn 2021, we formulated the Credit Policies of Bank of China for Mining and Metallurgy.
We implemented different policies for different categories of customers and projects, and worked faster to adjust our customer structure and product structure.
In particular, we paid attention to the requirements of the national supply-side structural reform, and implemented classification and tiered management.
It specifies that credit granting must comply with Chinese laws, regulations and policies as well as the Bank s requirements related to green credit.
The Bank supported the technological transformation for energy conservation and emission reduction, and followed the technological transformation progress of the projects which credit were granted to.
From the fourth quarter of 2021, BOC stopped providing financing for new overseas coal mining and coal-fired power projects.
For the signed ones, the Bank continued to fulfill relevant contracts.
These documents require the strict implementation of the Guiding Opinions of the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Promoting the Green Development of the Petrochemical Industry, the Catalogue of Construction Projects whose Environmental Impact Assessment Documents Needs to be Approved by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment (Version 2019) and policy requirements related to pollution discharge.
During business development, attention should be paid to the environmental impacts brought by project construction and operation, and no support may be given to projects with major potential environmental and social risks.
It requires the strict compliance with green credit principles to ensure that shipping transportation complies with domestic laws and regulations and relevant international conventions.
No credit support may be given to the projects which produce ships with equipment and materials explicitly eliminated by the state.
It requires that the customers and their projects must be approved by the state and other relevant authorities, and that attention should be paid to the impacts on the ecological and social environment.
Key support should be given to the energy-efficient port projects which have minor impacts on water resources and produce low pollution.
We specified the system labels for different categories of environmental and social risks, Risk Management Policies the binding requirements on environmental and social risks in various industries, the biodiversity protection requirements, and the compliance review lists of environmental and social risks.
We also adjusted risk weights assessment and approval authority correspondingly.
We prohibited the provision of credit for projects seriously damaging biodiversity, and paid full attention to the ecological impacts from the business activities of the clients.
In the year, we formulated the Notice on Circulating the Two Lists of Environmental and Social Risks for Certain Industries.
The Notice specified the compliance document list and the compliance risk review list which were used in the initiation, approval and other links of credit granting for certain industries with high environmental and social risks.
Adjusting risk weights assessmentDifferentiated approval authorityStrengthening credit contract management In the year, we formulated the Notice on Adjusting the Risk Weights of Green Finance and Other Businesses, and transmitting the risk appetite and management requirements of the Head Office.
The Notice lowered the risk weight of green credit and raised that of financing for brown brown industries in the Bank's internal assessment.
In the year, we formulated the Notice of Bank of China on Implementing Green Finance Strategy and Adjusting the Credit Approval Authority for Certain Industries, granting part of the approval authority for the photovoltaic industry, and raising that for the coking industry, in a bid to strengthen environmental and social risk management.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsKeenly focusing on the impacts of climate risk changes on our financial assets, we identified and analysed how physical and transformational changes of climate risks caused impacts and transmitted such impacts.
We conducted climate risk sensitivity stress tests for key industries, to quantify the risk shocks and financial influences in different scenarios.
Climate Risk ManagementClimate risk identification Environmental and Climate Risk Factors Influence economic entities through the social and economic system For macro-economy Trend changes occur to the productivity and labor market in specific industries, regions or seasons.
Systemic depreciation or appreciation occurs to specific types of assets, which has lasting impacts on market investment behaviors.
Trend or stress-related changes occur to the market supply and demand, which correspondingly influences the pricing of interest rate and foreign exchange rate, etc.
Policy transition Technological transition Credit risk The default rate of customers or counterparties increases, which requires higher impairment provision.
Market risk Values and expected returns of assets like commodities, derivatives and others change.
Physical risk Transition risk We considered how climate risks would impact the Bank in different time ranges.
Over the short term (within one year), the middle term (1 5 years), and the long term (more than 5 years), physical and transition risks may have different impacts in our risk system.
Some transition risks (e. g., market preference shifted to low-carbon assets) and physical risks (e. g., continued global sea level rise) were expected to have larger impacts over longer periods of time, whereas the risks brought by some sudden weather events (e. g., typhoons and rainstorms) may impact the Bank s financial assets in the short term, but such impacts will be small in the long term.
Under the impacts of long-term physical and transition risks, some types of businesses may not be able to operate, some industries may become less profitable overall, and the Bank s asset quality or operation may be influenced.
At the present stage, the risk from transition facing the Bank is significant.
The result is that the asset quality of banks will be affected.
In 2021, we participated in the climate risk stress tests organised by the PBOC, and assessed the potential impact of carbon peaking, carbon neutrality and goal-oriented transition on credit assets.
The results showcased that under the stress scenario, clients engaged in thermal power, steel, and cement industries would face higher credit risk, but the impact on capital adequacy was generally controllable.
Climate risk measurement With full attention paid to the impacts from the customers business activities on the ecosystem, we strictly abode by the laws, regulations and rules on biodiversity protection, and prohibited the provision of credit support for the actions seriously damaging biodiversity.
For controversial projects, while ensuring compliance with the laws and regulations of the countries and regions where the customers and projects are located, we fully listened to the opinions Biodiversity Risk Management At the same time, our overseas branches carried out stress tests in succession.
BOC UK introduced climate risk scenario stress tests to the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Report (ICAAP); BOCHK completed the stress tests for the transformational and physical risks of several industries.
Branches in Singapore, Frankfurt, Sydney and other regions also conducted relevant climate risk stress tests.
Moreover, we urged relevant enterprises to establish ecological protection compensation mechanisms and consciously undertake the obligation of ecological protection and restoration.
For microeconomy Macroeconomy has indirect influences on microeconomy.
The assets of economic entities suffer physical damages or value depreciation due to policy and technological transformation.
Power, transportation, water, communication and other public resources and services suffer damages, resulting difficulties or disruptions of enterprises production, operation and relevant supply chain.
The expectation of physical or transition risks changes the risk appetite of economic entities.
Operational risk Partial functions of banks run into difficulties or disruptions.
The operation of upstream and downstream supply chain run into difficulties or disruptions.
Liquidity risk Liquidity shortage occurs.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsInnovative Esg Integration PracticesRaising the concept of sustainability as a bank-wide strategy, we actively integrated environmental and social standards into business processes.
Basing on our innovative expertise in green finance, we built a future-oriented sustainable financial development model, and worked with all parties to cope with the ever-increasing environmental and social risks.
With great importance attached to customer risk assessment, we included environmental and social risk management in the entire credit granting process.
In 2021, we piloted the development of the innovative ESG evaluation system for corporate customers in Zhejiang.
Basing on the mature international ESG evaluation framework, we incorporated Chinese characteristic indicators and established a differentiated interest rate pricing mechanism, with greater support provided for enterprises or projects with good ESG performance.
Credit Business The ESG evaluation system can help us identify enterprises credit quality and sustainability, and provide visual reference data for us to make investment and financing decisions.
The environmental performance, social responsibility, corporate governance and other factors of the enterprises were fully examined, and the results were presented as Enterprise ESG Scores (a hundred-mark system).
Visually displaying the ESG risks of borrowers in different industries, such scores provided reference for the credit process.
At the same time, we also regularly monitored the extent to which the ESG evaluation results impacted industries and regions, and applied results in due diligence and project review to industry and regional limits to create an ESG-driven green bank.
Developing the ESG evaluation system for corporate customers to serve their sustainabilityAs an active bond issuer in the capital market, we established and improved the sustainability bond-related framework, and actively explored innovative products such as transformation bonds and sustainability- linked bonds.
In 2021, we issued the first transformation bonds among global financial institutions, the first biodiversity- themed green bonds among global financial institutions, and the world s first sustainability re-linked bonds.
They were a sustainability re-linked bond and five sustainability series bonds that had already been listed in other markets.
Innovatively issued by London Branch in October 2021, the sustainability re- linked bond was used to raise funds for sustainability-linked loans.
The coupon rate of the bond was indirectly linked to the ESG performance targets (including carbon dioxide emission reductions, unit energy consumption and ESG rating) of the underlying loan and its fluctuating interest rate.
Innovating sustainability bonds to support global climate actions We established a regular reporting mechanism for Sustainability Series Bonds.
In other words, the capital allocation, environmental and social benefits and other data of qualified projects as well as the Annual Report on Sustainability Series Bonds were regularly disclosed on our official website.
Information disclosure Before bond issuance, third-party institutions were invited to conduct certification on the purpose of funds to be raised, the types of projects to be invested and their selection process, and fund management.
After the bond issuance and before their maturity, we evaluated the use of funds raised, the performance of the projects invested, the impacts of environmental and social benefits and other aspects on a yearly basis.
Assessment of environmental and social benefits We followed the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2021), the Green Bond Principles (2021) and the Socially Responsible Bond Principles (2021).
Bond framework formulation 61
62 63 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsWe actively implemented the concept of responsible investment and incorporated environmental, social and corporate governance-related standards into the investment decision-making process.
Basing on the characteristics of asset management, direct investment and other businesses, we made comprehensive use of strategies such as ESG integration and sustainable investment, and worked towards the commitment to realise long-term competitive financial returns and positive environmental and social impacts.
The objects with low ESG scores were strictly controlled to participate in wealth management programmes, and those with high ESG scores were given preferential approval policies in this aspect.
As at the end of 2021, 85 of BOC Wealth Management s positions were from the entities with medium and high ESG scores, accounting for 94. 9 of the position value.
BOCIM BOCIM established an internal ESG evaluation system for fixed income investment and credit research.
The internal model of this system involved 19 indicators such as environmental penalties, taxation, production safety and information disclosure violations.
The carbon emissions and other environmental databases of external third parties were introduced to this system as well.
As at the end of 2021, BOC Asset Investment invested in a total of 21 debt-to-equity swap projects in green industries, with an amount of RMB27. 9 billion.
The funds raised would be invested in clean transportation, renewable energy, green buildings and other green projects.
During the year, the company led the investment in the Series A and B rounds of financing for Svolt Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and participated in investing in the private equity firm National Green Development Fund Management whose establishment was organised by National Green Development Fund Co., Ltd. BOCI BOCI gradually incorporated ESG into investment management links.
ESG factors were considered as risk factors in investment portfolio analysis; external core ESG databases were used in climate scenario-based analysis and stress testing; the ESG exposures of investment portfolios were analysed and monitored on a regular basis; the ESG scores of investment portfolios and individual stocks were updated on a monthly basis; when the score of a position being held was lower than the threshold, an examination would be automatically triggered.
ESG integration ESG-related factors and traditional financial considerations are structurally integrated into the investment decision- making processSustainability-themed investment Investment goes to sustainability-themed enterprises or projects to help address environmental or social challengesCapacity Building for Green FinanceWe incorporated the organisation of green finance-related training and R&D projects as our major strategic tasks into our 2021 training plan, and continued to improve our green finance education and training system.
By such means as establishing the BOC Green Finance Training Institute, compiling and issuing the Reader of Bank of China on Green Finance Knowledge (Version 2021), and setting up the online green finance learning platform, we comprehensively improved our capacity of serving green development.
With great importance attached to green finance training, we coordinated and integrated the education and training resources inside and outside BOC.
As at the end of 2021, more than 350, 000 employees benefited from those courses.
Preparing the Reader on Green Finance Knowledge We compiled the Reader of Bank of China on Green Finance Knowledge (Version 2021) for employees reference and study.
The Reader contains a proposal to the whole staff of BOC, definition of the relevant terms, three major functions and five pillars, major events, and internal and external importance policies of green finance.
Organising an open lecture on green finance In January 2021, Professor Zhang Xiliang, Director of the Institute of Energy, Environment and Economy at Tsinghua University, was invited to give an offline lecture themed with Technical Routes to Support Carbon Neutrality Goal in the Head Office of the Bank.
Moreover, this lecture was livestreamed to more than 2, 000 persons in charge and key personnel in domestic and overseas branches and comprehensive operation companies.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsHolding green finance seminars In May 2021, we held an advanced seminar of BOC Green Finance Academy in Huzhou, Zhejiang Province, which was lectured offline by seven experts in green finance, including Dr. Ma Jun, director of Green Finance Committee of China Society for Finance and Banking.
This lecture was attended by nearly 50 executives including chiefs of Head Office departments and deputy general managers in charge of risk management and corporate banking of tier-one branches.
Launching the training on green finance business development strategies In June 2021, we launched an offline training course on green finance business development strategies.
This course was given by six expert lecturers invited from within and outside the Bank, and attended by 95 persons, including middle-level managers in charge of risk management and corporate banking from 36 branches.
Launching the training on green credit identification and statistics In November 2021, the Credit Management Department of the Bank held a training session on green credit identification and statistics through both online and offline means.
The training focused on introducing the green statistical standards of the PBOC and the CBIRC, and presented error-prone marking types and cases in simple terms.
It was participated by 5, 400 person-times.
The courses focused on the professional basic knowledge of green and sustainable finance and practices in different financial service areas.
In 2021, the courses were taken by more than 100 employees.
The training benefited over 300 employees from business, risk management and compliance departments.
The directors and the Senior Management members of the Bank published several articles in People s Daily, China Finance, and 21st Century Business Herald and were interviewed by media, explaining the economic and social challenges and opportunities brought about by carbon peak and carbon neutrality, introducing green finance planning and risk response scheme of BOC and putting forward constructive views and suggestions.
In addition to the topics above, Institute of Bank of China timely tracked domestic and international hotspot issues related to green finance, publishing 16 research articles on green finance, carbon finance, ESG and other topics in internal and external publications.
The Bank s Industry Research Centre launched 28 reviews and 11 features on hotspot issues related to green finance, in an active endeavour to support green finance development in the Bank and in the domestic and foreign financial sectors.
Talent Planning We planned the cultivation of green finance talents in the Green Finance Talent Development Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period.
With the BOC Green Finance Research Institute as the platform, we continuously improved our green finance course system to meet the needs of cultivating various types of talents.
Talent training plan Talent team development plan
66 67 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsPromoting Green and Low-Carbon OperationsWe made every effort to respond to the national goals of carbon peak and carbon neutrality.
We improved our environmental management system, took actions for green operation and green office, worked faster to achieve comprehensive green transformation, and reduced the environmental impacts from our operations.
We started our commitment to operational carbon neutrality in 2021, including more than 11, 000 domestic and overseas branches and comprehensive operation companies in Chinese mainland and another 62 countries and regions in the scope of carbon accounting.
By the means such as systematically compiling the greenhouse gas emission inventory and introducing professional third-party carbon accounting teams, we calculated our own operation carbon emissions in a comprehensive manner.
In 2021, the emissions Note 1 of domestic and overseas institution and comprehensive operation companies of the Bank totaled 1. 5341 million tons of carbon dioxide equivalent.
This project shortened the time for business handling from Exploratory practices towards carbon neutrality This is to certify that Please refer to the disclosure page on www.
co. nz for further details.
Toit carbonreduce is an annual certification programme and this certificate only remains valid with an annual surveillance audit.
Osana Robertson CertifierBank of China (New Zealand) Limited meets the requirements of Toit carbonreduce certification having measured its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the requirements of ISO 14064 -1 2018 and committed to managing and reducing its emissions in respect of the operational activities of its organisation.
Date issued 23 12 2021 Valid until 23 12 2024 Certificate Number 2021218J Certification Status Certified organisation Company Address Level 17, Tower 1, 205 Queen Street Auckland, 1010, New Zealand Certification Year Level of Assurance Limited The Carbon Reduce Certificate BOC (New Zealand) obtained three weeks to a few minutes, thus greatly improving the service quality and efficiency, and made business procedures paperless, saving a large amount of paper.
This operational carbon accounting referred to scope 1 and scope 2.
The specific work included greenhouse gas emission target setting; emission data gathering, verification, analysis and reporting; trading of greenhouse gas quotas and performance of relevant contracts.
As a result, the energy efficiency of our major office buildings in the Head Office and Beijing reached the nationally advanced level.
We purchased energy-saving products, replacing safety exit indicators, elevator hall lighting, some public area lighting, nightscape lighting and other lighting facilities with LED light sources.
We transformed the refrigeration units and some other high-power electrical devices in the Head Office into variable frequency ones to reduce their power consumption.
Basing on factors such as the epidemic, weather and the number of people in offices, we improved the regulation and operation plan for air-conditioning equipment.
We introduced tap water and domestic hot water to the pantry for less consumption of direct drinking water.
We equipped the toilets with new water-saving sanitary ware.
We promoted paperless office, made full use of teleconferencing and video conferencing systems, and reduced meeting and business trips.
In 2021, the number of video meetings held by the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing reached 3, 321.
At the same time, according to the Notice of Planned Water Use Indicators issued by the Beijing Water Conservation Management Centre and the Approval Method for Quotas of Key Carbon Emission Institutions in Beijing issued by the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Ecological Environment, we formulated the standards and quantitative control targets for the consumption of standard coal, electricity, water and other resources, as well as the post-evaluation mechanism for these quantitative control targets.
Energy saving and emission reduction measuresEnergy conservation transformation Green procurementGreen officeWater-saving transformation Green buildings Note For the Bank s performance in green operations, please refer to pages 114 to 116, the part of ESG Key Performance in this report.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains We encouraged business outlets at all levels to practice green development concepts from three aspects, namely, green construction, green business, and green operation.
Through those efforts, we expected to achieve the operational carbon neutrality of a group of outlets.
As the only official banking partner of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, we responded to the Green Olympics concept and formulated the Carbon Neutral Plan of Bank of China for Financial Services for Beijing 2022, ensuring the carbon-neutral financial services for the Games.
Environment-friendly building materials were strictly applied to ensure the dust- We comprehensively calculated our carbon emissions in the outlet construction and operations, machinery operation, consumable usage, dining and travelling of personnel and other activities during our support for the Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympics.
This Sub-branch is the first characteristic green finance outlet in Beijing with the international LEED certification and the carbon neutral certification for outlet opening issued by Beijing Carbon Emissions Trading Centre.
In the meantime, we adopted a digitised business model for our green transformation.
Additionally, we actively advocated green concepts among customers, and worked to create a more environment- friendly operation and service system.
We encouraged customers to choose electronic billing and reduce paper bill usage The electronic billing rate across the Bank reached 98. 52, and paper bill printing and mailing only accounted for 1. 48.
Electronic bills 69Smart counters With a paperless design covering the entire process, smart counters basically involved zero printing, zero vouchers and zero paper records.
In this way, we practiced the concept of green and low carbon, and reduced resource consumption.
Smart screens We promoted smart screens on a trial basis, conducting unified release, differentiated delivery and electronic display of outlet marketing information to reduce the use of paper leaflets.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsParticipating in Global Green CooperationWe actively participated in international cooperation on green development.
In this way, we made our voice heard on the international stage of green finance and contributed our wisdom to its development.
In 2021, we officially signed the UN Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB), and became a supporter of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Moreover, we actively performed our responsibilities in relevant task forces, contributed our results of green finance research, and participated in the formulation of international standards.
In this way, we worked with all parties to promote win- win cooperation in green development.
In the year, we conducted a gap analysis on the relevant requirements of the PRB, and actively formulated environmental and social action targets.
Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road We fulfilled our responsibilities as the co-chairman of the Working Group on Green Financial Product Innovation under Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road; actively attended the webinar co-organised by the GIP Secretariat and Astana International Financial Centre, introducing GIP and our green finance practices to financial institutions in Central Asia; and attended the GIP Annual meeting, reporting summaries and plans on behalf of the Working Group.
In February 2021, we became a TCFD supporter.
In the year, we actively carried out stress testing, carbon footprint measurement and other work, and attended the work related to UK-China Climate and Environmental Information Disclosure Pilot.
International Capital Market Association (ICMA) We fulfilled the responsibilities as a member of ICMA s 2020 2021 Advisory Council of the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines.
We co-organised many online meetings and seminars, and participated in the translation of relevant guidelines into Chinese.
In this way, we promoted green bond standards in the international community and integrated them with Chinese ones at the same time.
Other green initiatives and organisations We attended the seminar of domestic technical counterpart working group of International Organisation for Standardisation Technical Committee on Sustainable Finance (ISO TC322), discussing the exposure drafts and expert opinions on relevant international standards; we joined the Technical Expert Group of International Platform on Sustainable Finance Working Group on Taxonomies, promoting the compilation of the Report of Sustainable Finance Common Ground Taxonomy - Climate Change Mitigation.
We actively participated in the activities organised by Green Finance Committee of China Society for Finance and Banking, Climate Investment and Finance Association of China Society for Environmental Sciences, etc.
We actively attended the UN Biodiversity Conference, the UN Climate Change Conference and domestic and overseas sustainability-related exchange activities, discussing with all parties the cutting-edge trends in green finance, and driving and leading the development of global ecologically friendly banks.
Climate Risk Forum hosted by Chinese and American Chambers of Commerce We attended the forum, Tackling Climate Change Together US-China Business Dialogue, co-hosted by China General Chamber of Commerce-USA and the American Chamber of Commerce in China.
At this forum, we encouraged both business communities to further cooperate on coping with climate change challenges and promoting their own green transformation.
China-EU Green Economic Cooperation and Development Summit This summit focused on issues such as China-EU carbon neutrality and sustainability, China-EU green finance cooperation and corporate green social responsibilities, calling for efforts to strengthen bilateral cooperation in green economy, finance and other fields.
Luxembourg Branch released the Green Action Initiative on behalf of the business community.
The 26th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP26) Chairman Liu Liange delivered a keynote speech at the international cooperation seminar themed on Addressing Climate Change with Green Finance Support during the conference, and called on financial institutions to strengthen international cooperation, to include green development in their corporate governance systems, and to contribute strength to addressing climate changes and building a shared community of life on earth.
General Manager of London Branch introduced the specific measures taken by BOC to support the green transformation.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Scan QR Code for VideoSeeking balance between development and survival, one retreats to nature after going through all the hustle and bustle and sees a fairyland in the clear lake.
We issued the world s first biodiversity bond to repair, build and balance the ecology.
Finance is like fresh water to deliver benefit for all and here I see your presence.
From Li Shanshan, an employee of BOC Macau Branch and Olympic gymnastics championTo Green Waters Scan QR Code for VideoEverything grows in the field and where there is field there is food.
Your efforts seem to be hardly noticed, but you have provided temporary habitat for birds and comfortable breeding places for creatures; and you bring bumper harvests and silently protect the biodiversity of nature.
From Zhou Shuangjian, a trader of the BOC Global Markets Department and the first Mister World in ChinaTo Vast Land I remember that Saihanba used to a wasteland with little grass when I was a child.
But today it has grown into a vast grassland.
From Li Xuezhong, an employee of BOC Hebei Branch Chengde Weichang Sub-BranchTo Grass Scan QR Code for VideoSince 2009, the environment surrounding the Dianchi Lake has seen significant improvement.
The ecosystem in the mountains and forests has taken a brand new look.
With the help of finance, the national reserve forest spanning Southwest China has grown into an ecological barrier.
From Li Gang, a retiree of BOC Yunnan Branch, a member of the China Association for Photographers in the Financial Industry and Vice Chair of the Yunnan Association for Photographers in the Financial IndustryTo Mountains The sound judgment that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets prompts and guides transformation of the resources.
From Lei Xiao, an employee of BOC Zhejiang Branch Huzhou Anji Sub-BranchTo Lakes Let mountain breeze blow afar along the broad highway and let the streams flow through clear courses into rivers to enable more people to be familiar with the breath of nature and make green become the main color of life.
A Letter to Nature Scan QR Code for Video Scan QR Code for Video Scan QR Code for Video
74 75 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 74 75Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities In the new development stage, we have brought into play our unique advantages, and actively taken on the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good.
The Group s 14th Five-Year Plan for FinTech was formulated and put into practice.
We deepened the reform of our technological systems and mechanisms, streamlined the operation management mechanism and procedures, and improved the synergistic efficiency of lines.
The digital capacity of the technological teams was strengthened with the improvement of capability to promote digitalisation.
We moved faster in the OASIS project with the enterprise-level technology platform successfully launched.
Globalisation According to the One Bank, One Policy strategy, we optimised the allocation of resources and accelerated the overseas promotion of outstanding products and achievements, such as overseas corporate online banking, mobile banking functions and user experience, etc.
Integration Taking the technological systems of the Group as a whole, we reinforced top-level design, established and improved IT coordination mechanism for comprehensive operation companies, and actively promoted the cloud migration of the infrastructure of comprehensive operation companies.
Promoting IT reform Supporting the implementation of major strategic projects Serving the coordinated development of globalisation and integration
76 77 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 76 The technology innovation management structure and working mechanism were established to improve the performance of large-scale and standardised application.
The product innovation management system was developed and the lifecycle management system involving the demand, incubation, pilot, promotion and post-assessment of innovation was further improved.
Substantial progress was made in the construction of the innovation research base, and the differentiated authorisation mechanism for innovative research and the open competition mechanism to select the best candidate to lead innovation were also established.
The pilot mechanism with moderate tolerance for mistakes was carried out, giving play to the role of the base to stimulate innovative research and transformation of achievements.
We moved faster in the future-oriented infrastructure construction of the Group to consolidate the foundation for the safe and smooth operation of information systems.
The computer rooms at all regions and cloud environments of various kinds were established and delivered to serve the Head Office and comprehensive operation companies.
Greater efforts were made to promote the public cloud platform leasing services, so as to meet the demand for external non-financial support services of strategic scenarios.
The achievements of special governance on production safety were further consolidated and the long-effect mechanism of production safety governance was put into practice.
The network security prevention and control system and the relevant prevention and control capability were enhanced.
The access to and daily management of APPs across the Group were also further standardised.
Enterprise-Level Architecture DevelopmentSteady progress in top-level designKey breakthroughs in pilot areas Based on the 14th Five-Year Plan of the Bank, we completed the analysis and refinement of our strategic objectives and initiatives in major business lines, identified the hot spots and pain points of strategic core competitiveness, and mapped out a preliminary panorama of the Group s strategic capabilities; We finalised the planning and design of the enterprise-level business architecture by horizontally sorting and clustering the businesses of the whole bank from the perspectives of internal and external services and professional capabilities; We completed the planning of enterprise-level IT architecture in a platform-oriented, modular and service-based manner, clarified the five-layer IT construction framework, and released the Group s technical standard specification in batches.
Digital Transformation of Business Processes We improved the FinTech innovation mechanism and strengthened the efficient cycle from idea collection, prototype incubation, research and pilot, to achievement promotion, with the overall innovation capability greatly enhanced.
Fintech Innovation and Application The five functions of machine learning, biometrics, voice recognition, robotics and knowledge base were integrated into one to build a standardised service platform, mainly applied to intelligent business areas such as intelligent investment, operation, marketing, customer service and risk control.
A new data governance framework was basically established to continuously accumulate stock data assets and provide support for business applications based on big data.
The BOC blockchain technology platform was continuously upgraded, with 12 business applications created and 15 authorised patents for blockchain technologies approved.
The business physical management platform was launched and a whole- process management system of physical objects including cash was established, realising the automated and intelligent operation of the storage and delivery of physical objects.
Developing a Smart Reach intelligent marketing reach system, accurately matching marketing strategies and targeted customer segments through data analysis, realising customers reach through SMS, micro-banking, mobile banking and wealth manager platforms, and improving the effectiveness of customer service and product recommendations.
Agile front office Smart middle office Efficient back office
80 81 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 80 81Providing High- Quality Customer ServicesUpholding the customer-centric service concept, BOC strove to establish a business ecosystem featuring online and offline integration and the seamless linkage between financial and non-financial businesses, with an aim to continuously improve the quality and efficiency of financial services and provide customers with borderless, warm, intelligent and diversified services.
Facilitating the People and Enterprises with Digital ServicesPersonal bankingOnline service channels Diversified channels were launched, including the new version of corporate online banking, corporate mobile banking, corporate micro- banking etc.
Online payment experience Various corporate payment products such as B2B direct payment, certified payment, agreement payment and pre- authorised payment were launched to support the e-payment needs of different scenarios such as trade and commerce, logistics, aviation and travel, social security funds, etc.
Corporate banking Boosting e-CNY development to meet diversified payment needs We played an active role in pushing forward the pilot and promotion of e-CNY to meet the public s demand for the convenience, security, inclusiveness and privacy of retail payment.
As at the end of 2021, about 171 new product functions were launched and the number of pilot scenarios amounted to 2. 76 million, covering such fields as living payment, catering service, transportation, shopping and government services, with exponential growth in the number of e-CNY wallets opened.
The intelligent service ecosystem of outlets was further diversified to support 296 sub-categories of service scenarios under 57 categories, including digital debit cards, social security cards and digital wallets, deepening online and offline integration.
Focusing on the establishment of elderly care service demonstration sites, the Bank launched the elderly version smart counters to provide convenient and exclusive services for the elderly customers.
Relying on the mobile account opening service for corporate customers, the Bank supported outlets to provide door-to-door account opening services for micro and small enterprises at favourable prices.
Smart screens were launched in outlets to realise the unified management and electronification of various types of promotional information.
We developed a staff channel and a digital outlet management platform to promote the building of the professional sequence of outlet teams and to enhance the service capability of outlet personnel.
BOC e-CNY programs such as vending machine, coffee machine, gashapon machine and foreign currency exchange machine debut at Western China International Fair We continued to strengthen technology empowerment, deepened the digital transformation of outlets, and promoted intelligent services, digital management and differentiated operation of outlets, in a way to improve the quality of outlet services.
Open and win-win ecosystem By cooperating with high-quality merchants, we were able to include payment services in fields of education, medical and people s livelihood, as well as payment scenarios including shopping, tourism, home consumption and charitable donations, which are closely related to people s lives, to the mobile banking client.
As at the end of 2021, a total of 332 elderly care service demonstration sites were built nationwide.
More than 40 activities on the theme of community, medical care, learning and sojourn were held on holidays to make the elderly feel at home.
Relying on 5G technology, Sanya Yabei Sub-branch of BOC Hainan Branch launched a smart elderly care platform and three scenario-based functions of university lessons for the elderly, cloud advisor and product demonstration.
Establishing demonstrative outlets of pension services Elderly Fashion Show activity at Hongdong Sub-branch of BOC Shanxi Branch Smart screen at the hall of Sanya Yabei Sub-branch of BOC Hainan Branch Drawing on the power of FinTech, we worked persistently to provide more convenient services, integrated customer service awareness into every aspect of our daily work, and delivered professional services and sincere communication to every customer in a heartfelt manner.
The online intelligent customer service system was upgraded to cover various online service channels such as mobile banking, micro-banking and the new version of online transaction banking and web portals, with the percentage of intelligent customer service reaching 85. 77.
The customer service entrance and interaction logic of the My Customer Service zone in mobile banking was also optimised to provide services anytime and anywhere.
A professional customer experience division team was set up and continuously improved by introducing an admission and exit mechanism, certification, performance appraisal, and training and exchange.
Customer experience feedback of branches was collected on a quarterly basis to produce a Special Issue on Offline Customer Experience Management Exchange for bank-wide sharing.
Questions and improvement suggestions were also collected through the SOPS platform to help continuously improve the customer experience mechanism.
elderly care service demonstration sites were built nationwideAs at the end of 2021 a total of 332
84 85 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 84 85Promoting Customer Protection ComprehensivelyPutting customers rights and interests highest on the agenda, we established a Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee under the Board of Directors, which is responsible for reviewing the Bank s consumer protection strategies, policies, objectives, etc., making suggestions to the Board of Directors, and supervising and evaluating the Bank s consumer protection efforts.
In addition, we made extensive publicity and education efforts to equip consumers with risk prevention awareness.
Our consumer protection training class had more than 60, 000 employees trained throughout the year.
With an emphasis on the voice of customers, we took customer feedback as the guide to constantly enhance our products and customer service experience and developed a closed-loop workflow featuring collection - analysis - assessment - improvement.
In 2021, by conducting analysis on customer in-calls, we collected a total of 634 pieces of customer feedback and produced 51 analysis reports.
The 2021 survey results showed that external customer satisfaction stood at 93, basically unchanged from the previous year.
Identifying Customer Needs In 2021, we revised the Management Measure of Bank of China Limited for Customer Complaints and clearly stated the definition, handling and verification of complaints.
We also clarified the management system, working mechanism and operating rules of complaints, and strengthened the traceability and rectification, assessment and accountability, and dispute resolution of customer complaints to effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
A total of 148, 000 customer complaints were accepted throughout the year, and the completion rate of complaint handling reached 100.
In accordance with the principle of financial appropriateness and the regulatory requirements, we formulated the Guidelines of Bank of China limited on Marketing and Publicity Management of Consumer Finance in 2021 to clarify the management framework and code of conduct for marketing and publicity as well as the management responsibilities of business lines and departments, putting in place clear- defined rules and accountability.
The above three types of complaints accounted for 76. 5 of the total.
Complaints in the above five regions accounted for 27. 2 of the total.
Major complaint business category Regional distribution of major complaints
86 87 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling ResponsibilitiesWe highly valued the protection of customers fund safety and considered it as our responsibility.
We strengthened precautionary measures and scaled up our efforts in launching education, publicity and warnings activities on anti- fraud and anti-counterfeit currency, in a way to raise consumers awareness of risk prevention.
At the same time, we continued to improve the in-event control, upgrade the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system, so as to effectively identify and respond to fraud risk events through the comprehensive application of big data, cloud computing, AI and other financial technologies.
In 2021, the suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system amounted to RMB15. 070 billion.
Preventing Fraud RiskMaking every effort to set up a financial security networkVigorously Protecting Information SecurityImproving management mechanisms and protecting customer privacyApplying information technology and strengthening system security Establishment of regulations and policies We formulated the Management Policy of Bank of China Limited on Customer Information Protection and the Management Measures of Bank of China Limited for Protection of Financial Information of Consumers, set up bank-wide framework strategies for customer information protection and management, and clearly defined the division of responsibilities among departments.
We proposed the management requirements in the collection, storage, use, transmission, sharing, deletion and destruction of information, and internalised and solidified the relevant requirements of regulations and supervision in the process of system building and business operation.
Self-inspection and rectification We conducted self-inspection and rectification of the information protection of personal customers, corporate customers and financial institutions, and pushed forward the risk screening of information security of consumer finance, so as to produce self-inspection reports and establish problem rectification accounts in time.
System security assurance We carried out security control over the lifecycle of information systems, including system requirements, design, coding, testing, operation and maintenance, and were able to discover and rectify information system security loopholes in a timely manner through an active risk identification mechanism.
Network security defence By deploying defence systems and instruments, improving the system building of data leakage prevention, and establishing business data masking mechanisms, we were able to establish an active and extensive network security defence system.
Security team building We set up a network security team and constantly improved the professional capabilities of the team members through skill training and practical exercises.
System security test We carried out penetration tests on a regular basis and security tests of online application systems across the entire network environment on an annual basis for loophole scanning.
We also cooperated with specialised institutions engaged in network security for security loophole assessment and emergency response.
In 2021, the suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system amounted to RMB15. 070 billionWith a keen awareness of risk, staff members of BOC Shenzhen Branch were able to identify fraud risk in time, helping an elderly customer to avoid losses of RMB10 millionBased on the limit control mechanism of corporate online banking and the rapid response of account handling, Binzhou Bincheng Sub-branch of BOC Shandong Branch helped a corporate customer successfully intercept a fraudulent fund of RMB4, 686, 200BOC Hebei Branch successfully helped an enterprise in Cangzhou recover EUR440, 000 equivalent to more than RMB3. 4 million, of a cross-border online telecommunications fraud, retrieving a huge loss of the customer.
We actively listened to the voices of young employees and constantly cultivated and explored outstanding talents, with the aim to work hand in hand with employees to create a better future.
Course and micro-course establishment By holding seminars on high-quality courses development, we developed 82 high-quality courses in a centralised and independent manner and completed the standardisation of the teacher manual, trainee manual and teaching casebook.
We organised exhibition activities for excellent original courses, with 65 high- quality courses recorded and exhibited.
Case building We developed a series of cases with Yangtze River Delta characteristics, and organised case and course infrastructure workshops and case development and teaching We formulated an annual talent cultivation plan across the Bank, optimised the BOC training system and mechanism, and expanded and improved the training programme system that empowers the Group, employees, society and customers.
Talent CultivationOn the basis of the scientific planning of human resources demand across the Bank, we continued to expand the recruitment scale of college graduates, extensively carried out various forms of campus promotion activities, and improved the campus recruitment Talent Introduction 88Improving training mechanism integration seminars.
As a result, a total of 48 teaching cases were developed and put online.
Textbook production We completed 23 textbooks, including Green Bond Knowledge Reader, Financial Market Product Manual, Financial English, and Corporate Culture Brochure.
The BOC Training Centre cloud platform was created, bringing a new space for digital and intelligent learning, with the total number of visits exceeding 250 million.
The Online Book Purchasing Platform for Spare-time Learning of Employees at the Head Office went online, which was designed to allocate the book purchasing quota of employees and support employees to purchase books independently.
employees were hired by our domestic institutionsMore than 9, 600process to provide humanised recruitment services.
In 2021, more than 9, 600 employees were hired by our domestic institutions, and the global campus recruitment for 2022 was launched, offering 11, 000 job opportunities.
Expert lectures We gave play to the role of the external think tank as a strategic advisor to the business development of the Bank, in a way to help managers and employees at all levels to expand their horizons and refresh their mindset and shape a corporate culture encouraging all-staff learning.
In 2021, we held six sessions of BOC Grand Lecture, with 36, 000 employees watching the live broadcast online and nearly 42, 000 people participated.
Staff learning day The second session of staff learning day themed with Learning for Excellence was held, with Chairman Liu Liange personally giving the first lesson.
A total of 149 branches participated, with an average daily visit of 46, 000 people and a total of 4. 24 million clicks on the course.
We continuously strengthened the management of professional qualifications with the improvement of professional development pathways.
As at the end of 2020, implementation rules (plans) for the management of professional qualifications were issued for 21 professional sectors.
More than 6, 200 employees obtained senior professional qualifications, and about 190, 000 employees received middle and junior professional qualifications.
New employee development community Facing all employees of the Bank, we implemented an online learning programme of New Employee Development Community and invited the senior management of the Bank to give lectures to new employees.
The programme covered 41 domestic institutions with 7, 899 new employees participating in the programme.
Key training programmes Career promotion channel people participated BOC Grand Lecture Nearly new employees participating in the programme 42, 000 7, 899
90 91 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 90 91Employee Care BOC New Zealand regularly organised afternoon tea parties and birthday parties for its employees, held distinctive celebrations during traditional Chinese festivals such as the Spring Festival, Lantern Festival, Dragon Boat Festival and Mid-Autumn Festival, and actively implemented flexible working hours and promoted employee volunteer holidays.
BOC Shanxi Branch held a Chinese traditional rice-pudding (Zongzi) wrapping activity during the Dragon Boat Festival to share the happiness of the festival with employees.
BOC New ZealandBOC Hebei Branch BOC Shanxi BranchWe actively implemented the requirements of aligning efforts to consolidate and expand the achievements in poverty alleviation with efforts to promote rural revitalisation, and promoted the revitalisation of targeted assistance areas with financial strength.
As the assistance pair for the four counties, namely Yongshou, Xunyi, Chunhua and Changwu in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province ( four counties in Xianyang ), we earnestly implement the requirement of giving a grace period to previously impoverished population, villages and counties, during which poverty alleviation policies and government supervision are continued until their status is secure, and coordinated resources at home and abroad to facilitate the revitalisation of those counties in light of the local actual needs.
Using BOC Charity Foundation as the carrier to fulfill public welfare responsibilities, we played an active role in developing the finance philanthropy model, gave full play to the role of the BOC Charity platform, and continuously pushed forward the innovation of the public welfare projects model, with the aim to expand the impact and benefits of public welfare practices and promote the realisation of common prosperity.
We also presented agricultural and sideline products from the targeted poverty alleviation counties in posters and videos.
Two members from the poverty alleviation team of BOC in Xianyang, Shaanxi Province, also made a special trip to the venue and popularised the characteristic agricultural products from the targeted poverty alleviation counties on the online platform, aiming to help the local who have been lifted out of poverty achieve stable and sustainable income.
In the main hall of the CIIE, a special investment business meeting for Xianyang was held in the BOC exhibition hall, creating more opportunities for customers and exhibitors of the CIIE to have an in-depth understanding of the investment policies, business environment, and local features of Xianyang and the four counties in Xianyang.
Introducing Xianyang agricultural products into the CIIE We prioritised the regional industry development and brand building in the fruit industry and animal husbandry, focused on improving water supply capability, disaster relief, and pandemic containment to consolidate the achievements in poverty alleviation, paid attention to sewage treatment, garbage disposal, and other actions to improve the rural environment, and attached importance to developing education, health care, and other public services in rural areas to promote balanced development between urban and rural areas.
In the year, we invested and channeled a total of RMB107 million funds in those four counties in Xianyang, and carried out almost 100 projects concerning people s livelihood and industrial assistance, directly benefiting more than 30, 000 people.
Through those efforts, we contributed to the construction of beautiful villages.
Focusing on the implementation of projects in key areas Improving the effectiveness of financial services We developed 12 online courses for the rural revitalisation, covering the interpretation of the relevant policies, fostering of characteristic farming industries, and Internet Plus marketing of agricultural products, and mobilised primary-level cadres, foregoers of the rural revitalisation, technicians in the four counties to take these courses.
The training offered access to advance ideas to local cadres and people and equipped them with the ability to propel economic development with financial tools.
Further promoting consumption-based poverty alleviation We promulgated the Notice on Further Stepping up Efforts in Consumption-based Poverty Alleviation and the Work Programme of Bank of China Limited to Help Sell Agricultural Products of Xianyang Malan Red Apple, to fully and practically conduct consumption-based poverty alleviation.
In the year, we purchased and sold RMB177 million agricultural products of regions getting rid of poverty.
We initiated the campaign of adopting an apple tree.
A total of 8, 000 apple trees were adopted in the year.
In the year, our institutions and employees bought more than 0. 9 million kilograms Xianyang Malan Red Apple that were worth RMB13 million.
In 2021, we supported 188 charity donations initiated by 73 organisations through the Bank of China Philanthropy platform, raising a total of RMB17. 3631 million (including the Bank s matching funds) with 160, 000 donations.
Bank of China Philanthrophy platform was initiated and established by BOC, and is the online public donation- raising information platform for charitable organisations designated by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC.
Launched in June 2018, the platform is dedicated to empowering the development of social organisations and creating a good public welfare ecosystem.
Relying on the online and offline resources of BOC, the platform built an O2O charity donation-raising model, bringing users a new experience of convenient participation in public welfare.
A total of RMB 6. 4 million was raised for the 10 branded charity projects of six charitable organisations through the activity, attracting 66, 000 people to participate in the donation.
In 2021, we promoted the age-appropriate transformation of the platform, with the aim to create a user experience of large fonts, concise content and simplified operation for elderly customers.
We also invited caring merchants and enterprises around the community to settle in the platform to provide living facilitation for volunteers.
BOC Campus Charity is an online donation- raising platform created by Zhongyi Shanyuan for universities to contact alumni, contribute to campuses, and serve society, and provides a package of online and offline services, such as donation-raising consultation, activity planning, project launch, and system operation.
The platform practically improved the public image of universities, helped them attain alumni economy and the opportunity of the third distribution, and provided a new path and a new platform for the building of universities and the growth of teachers and students.
In 2021, foundations of dozens of universities, including Tsinghua University, Peking University, Renmin University of China, and Hunan University, joined the platform.
Many leaders or financial staff from more than 50 national charitable organisations participated in the training.
Relying on its strengths in FinTech and experience in establishing online public welfare platforms, BOC Financial Technology worked with Yunnan Branch to develop a donation management integrated platform for local red cross society, which integrated online and offline organisational management and money and material donation management.
The platform ensured timely and transparent information disclosure while improving the efficiency of internal management, contributing to the development of public welfare undertaking.
By enhancing weak links, strengthening faculty building, and fostering characteristics, we were able to pool high-quality educational resources and promote education equality.
In collaboration with the China National Centre for Student Assistance Administration of the Ministry of Education, we carried out the Aid Students series of activities for the tenth consecutive year.
In 2021, we launched the Rainbow Bridge Red Tour, BOC Scholarship for Basic Subjects and BOC Work-study Programme to help young students with their studying, employment and business start-ups.
For the eighth consecutive year, we organised customers and employees to subsidise high-school girls in Shaanxi and Yunnan Province through the BOC Private Enjoyment Love - Spring Bud Project, with RMB1. 26 million donations collected to help 315 poverty-stricken students in 2021.
Cultural heritage For the 10th consecutive year, BOC London Branch supported the Chinese Bridge Chinese Proficiency Competition for All-UK Region to popularise Chinese culture and facilitate cultural and people-to-people exchanges between China and the UK.
BOCHK sponsored the Rites to the World cultural heritage programme of the Hong Kong Institute for Promotion of Chinese Culture to polularise Chinese traditional culture in kindergartens, primary and secondary schools in Hong Kong.
Volunteer service We improved the volunteer service mechanism to provide employees with diversified volunteer activities, and encouraged them to carry forward the volunteer spirit and contribute a good atmosphere of actively serving the people.
In 2021, the league organisations at all levels carried out more than 520 voluntary service activities of Learning from Lei Feng, with a total of more than 19, 800 youths participants serving more than 100, 000 people and the accumulated service hours exceeding 19, 000 hours.
These activities were designed to provide service to teachers and students, community residents, enterprise employees, skilled farmers, elderly people living alone, leftover children, etc.
We also played an active role in organising youth volunteers to serve in events such as CIIE, China-ASEAN Expo, CIFTIS, Biodiversity Conference and National Games.
Disaster prevention and relief Faced with the resurgence of COVID-19 pandemic and natural disasters of heavy rainfall, we took the initiative to carry out material donation and spontaneously organised volunteer teams to participate in the relief and reconstruction work based on our efforts to provide support to the fight against disaster and ensure the guarantee of financial service.
All outlets of the Bank made advance preparation for flood and disaster prevention, provided facilitation to the information sharing channels among outlets, and worked to secure the provision of fundamental financial services, with the aim to prevent the rights and interests of customers from infringement.
We created Public Welfare of China, a consumption-based poverty alleviation platform, to continuously power rural revitalisation, made an attempt on the innovative path of Joint Development with Party Building Consumption-based Poverty Alleviation, and relied on the platform of Public Welfare of China to carry out the activity of Party Building Apple Tree Adoption, calling on Party members, officials and employees of the Bank to voluntarily adopt apple trees in the four northern targeted poverty alleviation counties of Shaanxi Province.
By accompanying the whole growth process of the apple tree from budding blossoms into plump fruits, all participants were able to be involved in consumption-based poverty alleviation personally and jointly promote the BOC Joint Development with Party Building for Forest Revitalisation.
Meanwhile, BOC branches in Shenzhen, Ningbo, Guangdong, Suzhou, Shanghai and Tianjin also called on their employees and customers to join in the adoption activity.
As at the end of 2021, a total of 6, 562 apple trees in the four counties in Xianyang were adopted, amounting to RMB1, 065, 840, and 9, 382 boxes of apples were distributed by stages, converging efforts of all to push forward the development of the rural industry.
Adopting a tree to help a poverty-stricken farmer household The BOC Adoption Board on the apple tree from the four counties in Xianyang Since the establishment of the BOCHK Charitable Foundation in 1994, BOCHK has actively donated to and participated in charitable activities, with a total donation of over HKD 1. 4 billion (approximately equivalent to RMB1. 14 billion).
Caring for society and serving the community 1 2The Food Recovery and Assistance Programme for Food Wise and Allocation was launched to provide free meals to people in remote areas.
In the year, BOCHK assisted the recovery of 1, 426 tons of food, benefiting 2. 16 million people.
BOCHK supported Towards Carbon Neutrality youth training scheme to help students develop the concept of a low-carbon lifestyle and deepen their understanding of the national goal of carbon neutrality and action plan.
Their environmental protection-themed paintings were presented at the 15th session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 15) to the Convention on Biological Diversity.
Financial support was provided to the Protecting Wildlife - Sustaining the Planet s Future Programme of Ocean Park Conservation Foundation Hong Kong by funding 13 conservation projects in Hong Kong and Asia, with a total of 19, 000 HK people attracted to participate in the publicity campaign of Ocean Park Conservation Day.
In cooperation with 16 social organisations, BOC Hong Kong Volunteer Day was designed to carry out 25 volunteer activities, with the participation of about 4, 000 staff volunteers and over 8, 000 hours of service.
Total donation of over HKD1. 4 billion
96 97 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities We actively assumed the responsibility of financial knowledge publicity and education and taken into account the specific needs of different groups such as the elderly people, community public, students and rural people to carry out differentiated publicity and education activities, with an aim to provide accurate and direct access to financial knowledge and enhance the public s financial literacy and ability to protect their own rights and interests.
Popularising Financial Knowledge to The Public We published various short videos on the publicity of illegal financial activities prompts, typical cases and anti-fraud via our official website, WeChat public account and WeChat video channel, carried out regular live broadcasts in the silver economy zone of mobile banking to interact with the elderly online, and encouraged outlets to conduct on-site publicity to the elderly from surrounding communities and elderly care institutions.
Multiple measures were taken to guide the elderly to raise their prevention awareness to avoid financial fraud.
Domestic branches at all levels continued to carry out education activities on the theme of bringing financial knowledge into campus, with a focus on the introduction of trick loans, campus loans and other illegal lending cases involving students, in a bid to help students develop a rational consumption concept and build up an ideological line of defence against fraud and gambling.
For the elderly For community For students BOC Guizhou Branch is explaining to the elderly how to prevent telecommunication frauds in a community BOC Guangdong Branch Foshan Sub- Branch launches a publicity activity of bringing financial knowledge into campus BOC Ningbo Branch Xiangshan Shipu Sub- Branch is publicising RMB knowledge in Yanchang Branch of Shipu Town Central Kindergarten We went into the countryside to carry out education activities by spreading financial knowledge such as prevention of online telecommunications fraud, prevention of illegal fund-raising, anti- counterfeit currency and RMB cash services with vivid and real cases and easy-to-understand language.
For countryside BOC Hebei Branch launches financial knowledge going into the countryside activity In 2021, we intensified efforts in financial knowledge publicity campaign Launching external education and publicity activities59, 722 copies of education and publicity materialsDistributing 98. 42 million financial consumersReaching 560 million 97
98 99 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 99 98Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) The Bank takes excellent corporate governance as an important objective.
It has constantly pursued the best practice in corporate governance and integrated the Party s leadership with improvement of corporate governance.
Adhering to the rules and regulations governing capital markets and relevant industries, the Bank has made constant efforts to improve its corporate governance framework, which comprises the shareholders meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management.
This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties.
All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby enhancing the Bank s corporate governance capabilities.
It has constantly pursued the best practice in corporate governance and integrated the Party s leadership with improvement of corporate governance.
Optimising Governance Structure BOC Corporate Governance FrameworkShareholders MeetingSticking to the strictest available standards, we kept track on and put into practice the regulatory requirements of the capital market and collated comprehensively and systematically the Articles of Association and rules of procedures of special committees.
Adhering to the rules and regulations governing capital markets and relevant industries, the Bank has made constant efforts to improve its corporate governance framework, which comprises the shareholders meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management.
This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties.
All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby enhancing the Bank s corporate governance capabilities.
Board of Directors Board of Supervisors Senior Management (Executive Committee) Board SecretariatBoard of Supervisors Office Strategic Development Committee Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection CommitteeAsset and Liability Management CommitteeDuty Performance and Due Diligence Supervision Committee Risk Management and Internal Control CommitteeFinance and Internal Control Supervision Committee Centralised Procurement Management Committee Securities Investment and Management CommitteeAnti-money Laundering Committee Credit Risk Management and Decision-making CommitteeAsset Disposal CommitteeInnovation and Product Management Committee Integrated Operation Coordination Committee Asset Management Business Committee Domestic Branch Development and Coordination Committee Overseas Work Coordination Committee Financial Digitalisation CommitteeConsumer Protection Committee Green Finance CommitteeAudit Committee Audit DepartmentConnected Transactions Control Committee US Risk and Management CommitteeRisk Policy Committee Personnel and Remuneration Committee
100 101 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 20212021 55, 101 236, 863 46, 023 17, 400Deepening ESG GovernanceESG performance of the Board of DirectorsESG performance of the Board of SupervisorsESG education and training In 2021, focusing on ESG-related topics such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer protection and targeted poverty alleviation, the Board of Directors considered and adopted many proposals, which included the 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited, the Green Finance Plan of Bank of China Limited for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period, the Inclusive Finance Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period, the Consumer Protection Policy, and the Application of Special Outbound Donations for Fixed-point Poverty Alleviation.
At the same time, it also heard such reports as the Report on the Implementation of the Three- year Development Plan for Private Enterprises, the Report on the Development of Green Finance for 2020, and the Report on the Supervision and Evaluation of Consumer Protection for 2020.
In the year, the Board of Supervisors considered and adopted a series of proposals, including 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited, Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on the Evaluation of Duty Performance of the Board of Directors, the Senior Management and its Members in 2020, and Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on the Supervision and Evaluation of Consumer Protection of the Bank.
The Board of Supervisors oversaw the fulfillment of ESG obligations of the Bank.
Employee participants of ESG training Employee participants of inclusive finance trainingEmployee participants of information security and privacy protection trainingEmployee participants of risk compliance and anti-money laundering training
102 103 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 102 Improving Risk Management SystemWe adhered to the bottom line of risk, considered risk management as the lifeline for the sustainable development of commercial banks, and took stringent risk management and control as the driving force for the steady development of the Bank.
In 2021, in the face of the complex internal and external situations, we earnestly implemented the decisions and plans of the CPC Central Committee, promoted development and security in parallel, deepened the development of a comprehensive risk management system, and accelerated the digital transformation of risk management.
As a result, we ushered into a new stage of comprehensive risk management and achieved steady progress in the refinement and specialisation of risk management, providing a strong guarantee for the building of a first-class global banking group.
We interconnected the risk management elements of risk governance, strategy, appetites, limits, policies, procedures, systems, data, internal control and audit to create a risk management structure with effective check and balance and clear boundaries.
From the horizontal perspective, we strengthened the comprehensive risk management at the Group s level, institutional level and product level.
From the vertical perspective, we improved the building of three lines of defence for risk management, specifically by solidifying the primary responsibilities of risk management of the first line of defence, enhancing the independence, authority and professionalism of the second line of defence, and increasing the effectiveness of audit supervision and evaluation at the third line of defence.
Through in-depth research and comprehensive demonstration, we developed the risk management sub-plans and strategies, and strengthened the subject consciousness of comprehensive risk management.
Management structureEnhancing prevention capability of major risks Advancing the digitalisation of risk management Operation mechanismWe deepened the application of AI, blockchain, intelligent contracts and other technologies, promoted the in-depth integration of risk and business and technology, and increased the penetration of multi-dimensional and all- around risk management, in a bid to create an automatic and real-time comprehensive risk management system.
By leveraging big data and AI technology to conduct in-depth mining and analysis of market price data, we achieved forward-looking research and evaluation on listed companies and debt-issuing enterprises.
The model implemented early warning to 70 of defaulting enterprises in the market and provided warning 3 15 months in advance to those spoiler enterprises with high market impact.
The model incorporated customers affiliated enterprises outside the banking sector into the monitoring scope, made use of intelligent algorithms to quantify the risk impact of risky events on the affiliated enterprises, and conducted in-depth analysis on the transmission pathway of risks.
We integrated various kinds of big data of risks inside and outside the Bank to form a list of high-risk enterprises, providing each business line and comprehensive management company with functions such as one- click risk inquiry, batch scanning of customer risks and affiliates risk inquiry.
At the same time, we strengthened the effectiveness of the first and second lines of defence in duty performance, enhanced the supervision on the rectification of problems identified in audits, and continuously pushed ahead the development of the audit line as well as the digital transformation of audit.
Solidifying the risk liability concept of the whole staff We integrated risk management into the corporate culture and the code of conduct of employees, with the aim to foster a risk liability concept of every employee should regard himself as the only line of defence, and every line of defence should serve as the last line of defence.
By organising regular debriefing and introducing various forms of training, we looked to improve the professionalism and duty performance of executive vice presidents responsible for risk management and their assisting personnel, and strengthen the management of employees in risk control positions.
As at the end of 2021, the certificated risk management professionals of the Bank amounted to 11, 919.
Establishing risk management culture We formulated the Work Plan for Enhancing Risk Awareness and Establishing a Sound Risk Culture, which was designed to steadily promote the establishment of risk culture in a layered manner through 20 measures in seven aspects, including risk publicity, whole-staff training, rectification and accountability, policy and system building, assessment and motivation, selection and appointment, and supervision and inspection, etc.
In 2021, a total of 12 seminars on China s financial risk managers, 12 lectures on results exchange, and one advanced qualification training course were conducted.
Comprehensive Risk Management SystemBased on the programmatic document of the Policy of Bank of China Limited for Comprehensive Risk Management, we further formulated the Optimisation Plan for the Comprehensive Risk Management System of the Group.
Focusing on the general guideline of improving governance structure, clarifying responsibilities and functions, upgrading the management foundation and empowering business development, we endeavoured to build up the core competitiveness of risk management, put in place all improvement measures, and strengthen all kinds of risk management requirements covering all institutions, businesses and the whole process, with an aim to improve the risk management system in all aspects.
We effectively standardised the case prevention and communication mechanism, as well as evaluation, motivation and constraint mechanisms, so as to solidify the foundation of case prevention and control management in all aspects.
Macau Branch organises a compliance lecture We carried out in-depth warning and education activities, organised the heads of institutions at all levels to sign the Responsibility Statement on Case Prevention and Control Objectives and employees to sign the Letter of Compliance Commitment, and scaled up the publicity of preventing financial practitioners from breaking the law and committing crimes.
At the same time, relying on the BOC training cloud platform, we cultivated compliance culture, launched courses such as knowledge manuals, special courses, case studies and live lectures, and conducted training and tests and one-to- one compliance knowledge competitions to convey the Group s compliance concepts and management requirements to domestic and overseas employees.
In line with the Regulations on the Prevention and Disposal of Illegal Fund-raising issued by the State Council, we formulated the Notice on Further Strengthening the Prevention and Disposal of Illegal Fund-raising to clarify the requirements for monitoring the prevention of illegal fund-raising and enhance staff education and social publicity.
We developed AML control policies such as the Policy of Bank of China Limited on Anti- money Laundering, Counter-terrorist Financing and Sanctions Compliance to continuously optimise the self-assessment methods and indicators of money laundering risk and enhance the risk monitoring of suspicious accounts involving virtual currencies and telecommunication frauds.
At the same time, we paid close attention to changes in the sanctions situation, benchmarked with domestic and overseas regulatory requirements and advanced peer practices, and constantly improved the Group s sanctions compliance management system, so as to effectively control the sanctions compliance risks.
Targeting directors, senior management and employees, we regularly conducted anti- money laundering and sanctions compliance training on topics such as the international situation, regulatory requirements and interpretation of Group policies.
In compliance with the local law and regulations and the policy requirements of the Head Office, we established a list of core policies management mechanism, further standardised the policy system of overseas institutions, strengthened the ability to deal with the complex external environment, and made intensified efforts to strengthen the risk management of anti-money laundering and sanctions compliance in overseas institutions.
At the same time, we formulated the Several Opinions on Further Strengthening Overseas Compliance Management, Guidelines on Management of Important Compliance Matters in Overseas Institutions and Administrative Measures for Key Personnel in Compliance Management of Overseas Institutions, establishing the concept, principles, major control areas and requirements of overseas compliance management, and improving the management mechanism and process of key personnel in compliance management of overseas institutions.
We remained mindful of the country s most fundamental interest, made enhancing the Party politically the guiding principle, adhered to the theoretical guidance of the Party as the starting point, and took primary-level standardisation as the solid foundation.
We earnestly safeguarded the integrity line, paid close attention to work implementation, and continued to promote the high-quality development of Party building, so as to provide a strong impetus and solid guarantee for the building of a first-class global banking group.
In accordance with the general requirements of learning Party history to obtain knowledge, strengthen confidence, honor morality, and practice diligently, we conducted thematic learning, special Party class, special publicity, special Party organisation meetings, and special Party branch meetings around the mobilisation meeting of Party history study and education, the ceremony marking the centenary of the Communist Party of China, and three key points of the six plenary session of the 19th CPC Central Committee.
We actively developed the second class of Party history study and education, made great efforts to popularise the great founding spirit of the Party, and organised the commendation ceremony for outstanding Party members, exemplary Party workers and advanced community-level Party organisations, as well as thematic publicity and education activities such as Always Following the Party.
matters listed by the Party Committee of the Head Office, 273 measures committed by Party branches of the Head Office, and 2, 459 projects put forward by domestic tier-1 branches and comprehensive operation companies were all concluded as required.
Prioritising Party building Strengthening theoretical guidance Strengthening theoretical guidance Comprehensively improving Party conducts and enhancing Party disciplineSolidifying primary-level organisationsWe continued to give top priority to the Party s political building and firmly upheld Comrade Xi Jinping s core position on the CPC Central Committee and in the Party as a whole, and upheld the Central Committee s authority and our centralised, unified leadership.
We also leveraged the Fuxing No. 1 smart Party building platform to boost our IT application, and compiled and published more than 100, 000 books of party building s four books, two reports and one collection series, which were distributed to 18, 000 party organisations to provide them with system basis and operational guide.
Compiled and published more than books of party building s four books, two reports and one collection series party organisations to provide them with system basis and operational guideDistributed to We stepped forward in improving the Party s conduct and enforcing Party discipline to promote a cleaner and healthier political ecosystem of the Party.
As part of our efforts to resolutely crack down on corruption, we strengthened our oversight and constraint efforts, enhanced the accountability of supervision and discipline enforcement.
We further improved the work system of arming all Party members and educating officials and employees with the Party s innovative theories, and gave full play to the demonstrative and leading role of the Theoretical Learning Group of the BOC Party Committee at all levels.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance ESG Key Performance Environmental Performance Green financial development Indicator 2021 Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB trillion)14, 086 YoY growth of balance of green credits in the Chinese mainland ( )57 Underwriting scale of issuance of domestic green bonds (RMB100 million)1, 294 Underwriting scale of issuance of overseas green bonds (USD100 million)234 Accumulated issuance scale of green bonds over the years (USD100 million)107 Note 1 The greenhouse gas emission from the operation of the Group during 2019-2021 was mainly incurred by energy consumption and included the emissions within Scope 1 and Scope 2.
Scope 1 refers to the direct emissions from combustion of fossil energy such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil, coal and coke.
Scope 2 refers to the indirect emissions embodied in electric power and heat consumption.
The Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing set water consumption target and developed their own water use plan and water conservancy plan each year as per the Notice on the Planned Water Use Indicator issued by the Beijing Water Conservancy Management Centre.
Water consumption target for the Head Office and other three offices based in Beijing in 2021 was 386, 672 cubic meters.
Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing.
Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing.
Proportion of credits to brown industries in corporate loans Proportion of total credits to brown industries accounted for less than 10 of corporate loansCoal Paper manufacturers Petrochemicals Chemicals Cement Steel Non-ferrous metals Thermal power generation Civil aviation Other sectors Coal Paper manufacturers Petrochemicals Thermal power generation Civil aviationCement Steel Non-ferrous metals ChemicalsSewage and waste management The Bank classified and recycled waste from daily office work and operation, including domestic waste, kitchen waste and toxic waste.
A waste management task force was set in the Head Office.
Kitchen waste, toxic and hazardous waste and other waste were handled by a third party with such qualification for dissolving and absorbing in compliance with regulations.
In 2021, the Bank completed the establishment of demonstrative units for domestic waste classification among central CPC and government departments.
Domestic waste classification knowledge was popularised among 100 of the employees in the Bank and the output of domestic waste per capita achieved zero growth.
Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Discharge of hazardous waste (tons)6. 34 0 5. 1 Discharge of non-hazardous waste (tons)1, 120 1, 064 1, 127Proportion of credits to other sectors accounted for more than 90 of corporate loansfor Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Public Building Operators (Provisional) and Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Land Transport Enterprises (Provisional) issued by National Development and Reform Commission, carbon dioxide emission factors of China's regional power grids issued by State, and the electric power emission factors issued by overseas regions, based on the accounting scope proposed in the ISO14064-1 Greenhouse Gases-Part 1 Specification with Guidance at the Organization Level for Quantification and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals and the Greenhouse Gas Accounting System WRI.
Proportion of Credits to Brown Industries in Corporate Loans decreased every year in 2017-2021 Green credit environmental benefits Indicator 2021 CO2 equivalent emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)25, 380 Sulfur dioxide emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)1, 385 Water conservation attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)12, 992 Standard coal conservation attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)11, 702 COD emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)67 Ammonia nitrogen emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)52 Nitrogen oxide emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)1, 3745. 00 17. 00 13. 00 9. 00 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021Note 1 10 types (such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, electric power and heat) of energy were consumed by the operation of the Group during 2019-2021.
Gasoline and diesel oil were mainly consumed by office vehicles, natural gas and liquefied natural gas by the canteens in office places, electric power was by office places and data center, and heat by the heating of office places in northern China.
Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total energy consumption (MWh)2, 754, 463 2, 717, 945 2, 825, 765 Gasoline consumption (ton) 12, 400 12, 658 14, 870 Diesel oil consumption (ton) 463 482 646 Natural gas consumption (10, 000 m )1, 779 1, 638 1, 833 Electrical power consumption by offices (MWh)1, 279, 768 1, 164, 930 1, 156, 660 Electric power consumption by the Data Centre (MWh)506, 101 585, 547 661, 133 Heat consumption (MkJ) 2, 214, 424 2, 251, 532 2, 218, 428 Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Gasoline consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (liters)29, 478 36, 514 44, 228 Electrical power consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (MWh)123, 482 121, 812 122, 118Energy Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e)1, 534, 060 1, 512, 554 1, 587, 180 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 179, 309 77, 214 88, 718 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 21, 454, 751 1, 435, 340 1, 498, 463 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per FTE (tCO2e FTE)4. 99 4. 89 5. 12Greenhouse gas emission
110 111 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Materials and packing Human resources structureCaring of occupational health Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Office paper consumption (tons)65. 1 53. 4 59. 74 Paper conservation (tons) -11. 7 6. 34 -11. 74 Number of credit cards issued this year (10, 000)332. 83 679. 39 Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops (10, 000)1, 561. 41 Paper consumption attributed to credit card e-bill (100 million)3. 96 2. 57 Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of employees receiving physical examination in the Head Office4, 985 4, 144 4, 179 Number of occupational injury cases involving employees of the Head Office3 7 Number of deaths in line of duty at the Head Office0 0 Workdays lost due to work- related injury100 Employee turnover Indicator 2021 Employee turnover ( ) 2. 5 Male employee turnover ( ) 2. 4 Female employee turnover ( ) 2. 6Indicator 2021 2020 Percentage of employees trained ( ) 97. 01 95. 89 Number of female employees participating in training175, 377 174, 054 Number of male employees participating in training130, 847 127, 438 Number of senior management personnel participating in training14, 293 15, 948 Number of mid-level management personnel participating in training265, 698 321, 541 Number of non-management employees participating in training2, 383, 705 2, 161, 168 Average length of employee training (hours)48. 32 59. 35 Average length of female employee training (hours)51. 74 62. 1 Average length of male employee training (hours)45. 83 55. 6 Average length of training participated by the senior management (hours)46. 3 51. 24 Average length of training participated by the mid-level management (hours)61. 99 87. 92 Average length of training participated by non-management employees (hours)41. 92 58. 8 Number of registered users on the BOC training cloud platform315, 674 314, 411 Number of average monthly active users on the BOC training cloud platform234, 170 137, 331 Number of courses provided on the BOC training cloud platform25, 072 14, 463 Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees (person-times)2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 Average length of learning on the BOC training cloud platform (hours person)43. 55 40. 63Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of employees 306, 322 309, 084 309, 384 Number of male employees 131, 387 131, 916 132, 169 Number of female employees174, 935 177, 168 177, 215 Number of employees in the mainland of China280, 908 283, 312 284, 044 Number of expatriates 2, 051 1, 956 1, 877 Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan19, 445 19, 495 19, 205 Number of local employees at overseas institutions23, 992 24, 370 23, 463 Number of new employees of the year10, 221 11, 468 10, 289Note The data of office paper consumption and paper conservation only covers the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing.
Employee protection Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Execution of employment contracts ( )100 100 100 Coverage of social insurance schemes ( )100 100 100 Percentage of female employees ( )57. 11 57. 32 57. 28 Percentage of female mid- to-senior-level managers ( )30. 79 33. 24 Percentage of male mid-to- senior-level managers ( )69. 21 66. 76 The Bank treated all employees equally and set no discriminative condition on the basis of gender, nationality or physical disease for social recruitment, campus recruitment, and internal promotion and appointment, ensuring openness, fairness and equality.
It fully respected and protected the legitimate rights and interests of employees through signing employment contracts, launching collective consultation and holding workers congress.
The Bank cared for employees physical and mental health, provided diversified health care, and advocated healthy lifestyles.
Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Investments into employee training (in RMB10, 000)81, 386 53, 804 79, 217 Employees trained 2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 2, 927, 903 Excluding employees learning online by themselves.
Employee education and training Focused on business development and employee growth, the Bank built a system for six internal training programmes, namely Party school training, strategic task training, key talent training, post competency training, routine business training and comprehensive quality training.
Besides, the Bank planned leadership training, and trained managers at senior, medium and primary levels systematically.
Moreover, the Bank improved incentives for learning in employees spare time, encouraged them to learn on the job and created a learning culture for them.
Social PerformanceNumber of minority employees13, 260 13, 073 12, 843 Number of employees aged 30 and below66, 995 73, 355 Number of employees aged 31 50185, 917 189, 454 Number of employees aged above 5053, 410 46, 275 Number of employees from campus recruitment9, 610 9, 218 Number of employees from social recruitment611 1, 005 Number of interns accepted 665 517 Number of employees having senior professional qualifications6, 280 4, 308 Number of employees having intermediate and junior professional qualifications196, 000 35, 000 Percentage of scientific and technical personnel ( )3. 07 2. 49
112 113 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Customer privacy protection Under the coordinated planning, guidance and arrangement of the Board of Directors and the consumer protection committee under the Executive Committee, the Bank improved the customer information protection mechanism by formulating and refining policy documents such as the Management Policy of Bank of China on Customer Information Protection and the Management Measures of Bank of China for Consumer Financial Information Protection.
It also formulated and updated the privacy policy on consumer products and services, and strengthened the protection of customer funds, accounts and information.
Moreover, the Bank strictly standardised the handling of personal information of consumers, held training in personal customer information protection and strengthened internal training assessment and personnel management to protect the information security right of consumers.
In 2021, the Bank organised investigations of consumer financial information security risks, carried out comprehensive self-inspection and rectification of related information protection, including comprehensive investigation of consumer financial information protection and special investigation of consumer financial information protection of partner institutions, and formed self- inspection reports and problem rectification history log.
At the same time, the Bank benchmarked its compliance standards against the Personal Information Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, analysed gaps and took corrective measures timely.
Focusing on sensitive personal information processing, cross-border information transmission, information owner rights response, partner organisation management and other dimensions, the Bank reviewed the status quo and conducted re-inspection to improve and clarify relevant mechanisms and norms.
The contents of advertising are true and legal, and do not exaggerate or deceive or mislead consumers.
The ideas of advertisements are healthy and uplifting and deliver positive energy.
Advertising products delivered overseas abide by local laws, regulations and regulatory provisions, and respect local customs and culture.
Product risk management The Bank formulated the Management Measures for Products of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021) and the Management Measures for Product risks of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021).
Guided by the principles including lifecycle management, three lines of defense management, controlled risks, differentiated management and digital management and control, the Bank identified management requirements for different stages such as new product access, product duration, stop selling and exit market.
The scope of product management was expanded from commercial bank product management to group-wide product management, from new product management to lifecycle management and from self-run product management to self-run and consigned product management, thus achieving full-covered product management.
At the same time, the Bank upgraded the organisational structure of product management, clarifying the supervision and management responsibilities of the Board of Directors and Management.
For new products, product department was required to carry out risk self-assessment during product access, risk management department shall propose risk control measures and issue review Prevent fraud risk With big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and other technologies, the Bank continued to advance the building of a digital fraud risk prevention system and improve the real-time anti- fraud capability in online finance.
Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Network Defence system (in 10, 000)87. 90 52. 00 34. 30 Amount of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Network Defence system (RMB100 million)150. 70 119. 84 82. 39Support social development Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Donations (RMB million) 98. 54 162. 28 117. 6 Social contribution per share Note 1 (RMB)2. 60 1. 98 1. 86 Balance of loans granted to poverty-stricken areas (RMB100 million)3, 608. 76 3, 028. 88 Balance of government- sponsored student loans Note 2 (RMB million)2, 139 2, 191 2, 365 Amount of government- sponsored student loans cumulatively granted (RMB100 million)250. 72 246. 12 240. 53 Amount of pension funds in the Bank s custody (RMB100 million)1, 415. 45 1, 017. 92 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank s management Note 3 (in 10, 000)367. 59 341. 36 Amount of pension funds under custody (RMB100 million)7835. 02 5, 928. 72 Cumulative number of financial education events for the public59, 722 22, 211 Number of people receiving financial education (in 10, 000)56, 295 9, 997 Number of anti-counterfeit money education events (in 10, 000)5, 600 5, 600 Number of customers receiving anti-counterfeit money education (in 10, 000)1, 225 212 Number of anti-counterfeit money materials distributed (10, 000 copies)277 244 Note 1 The calculation method of Social contribution per share has adjusted since 2021.
Governance Performance Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total assets (RMB million) 26, 722, 408 24, 402, 659 22, 769, 744 Operating income (RMB million)605, 717 567, 647 550, 010 Operating expenses (RMB million)226, 355 202, 411 198, 269 Total profit before income tax (RMB million)276, 620 246, 378 250, 645 Profit for the year (RMB million)227, 339 205, 096 201, 891 Return on average total assets ( )0. 89 0. 87 0. 92 Return on average equity ( )11. 28 10. 61 11. 45 Capital adequacy ratio ( ) 16. 53 16. 22 15. 59 Non-performing loans to total loans ( )1. 33 1. 46 1. 37 Income tax expense (RMB million)49, 281 41, 282 48, 754 Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB million)2, 225, 153 2, 038, 419 1, 851, 701Value creation Closely following the financial services demand of global customers, the Bank steadily pushed forward outlet and e-channel construction and stepped up efforts in building outlets in rural and county regions to practice the concept of inclusive finance.
Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of mobile banking customers (in 10, 000)23, 518 21, 055 18, 082 Transaction amount through mobile banking (RMB trillion)39. 38 32. 28 28. 28 Number of monthly active users of mobile banking APP (in 10, 000)7, 104. 41 6, 031. 09 4, 768. 49 Number of operating outlets in the mainland10, 382 10, 487 10, 652 Number of intelligent outlets 10, 382 10, 487 10, 652 Number of ATMs 27, 729 33, 314 37, 331 Number of smart counters 32, 367 31, 960 30, 425 Coverage ratio of smart counters at outlets ( )100 100 100 Number of tablet-version smart counters10, 853 Service channelsopinions on product risk assessment and product launch, and product department shall implement differentiated launch approval according to product risk level.
For duration products, product department was required to carry out product re-inspection and evaluate products in terms of product characteristics, operation conditions, market environment, customer demands, policy requirements, risk changes and other aspects, while risk management department shall review risk assessment results of the products launched within one year, key stock products and the products with elevated risk level after re-inspection, issue comprehensive risk assessment reports and propose risk control suggestions for other re-inspected products.
At the same time, the Bank formulated the Performance Assessment Index for Product Management in 2021, set negative marking items (2 points each) concerning new product assess, monitoring reports, product re- inspection, risk review and other dimensions, and integrated them into comprehensive risk management assessment.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance DirectorsShareholders MeetingsMeetings of the Board of Directors (including meetings held via written resolutions) Incumbent Directors Liu Liange 2 2 13 14 Liu Jin 0 0 5 7 Wang Wei 2 2 13 14 Lin Jingzhen 2 2 14 14 Xiao Lihong 2 2 14 14 Wang Xiaoya 2 2 14 14 Zhang Jiangang 2 2 14 14 Chen Jianbo 2 2 14 14 Wang Changyun 2 2 13 14 Angela Chao 1 2 12 14 Jiang Guohua 2 2 13 14 Martin Cheung Kong Liao2 2 13 14 Chen Chunhua 2 2 12 14Special Committees Chairman of Committee Strategic Development Committee Liu Liange Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection CommitteeChen Chunhua Audit Committee Jiang Guohua Risk Policy Committee Wang Changyun Personnel and Remuneration CommitteeChui Sai Peng Jose Connected Transactions Control CommitteeMartin Cheung Kong Liao Indicator NumberPercentage ( ) Board members 15 Executive directors 4 26. 7 Non-executive directors 5 33. 3 Independent directors 6 40. 0 Male directors 11 73. 3 Female directors 4 26. 7 Directors aged 31 50 2 13. 3 Directors aged above 50 13 86. 7 Directors holding doctor s degree 8 53. 3 Directors holding master s degree 7 46. 7 Foreign director 1 6. 7 Directors with work experience in economy15 15 Directors with work experience in finance 15 15Indicator 2021 2020 Number of publicly disclosed documents 388 355 Including Documents issued at A share market126 123 Including Chinese documents issued at H share market132 127 Including English documents issued at H share market130 105 Number of events for communication with investors419 490 Including Investor conferences held 178 179 Including Investor hotlines answered 111 122 Including Responses to enquiries posted on e-interaction online platform run by SSE57 91 Including Responses to emails through the IR mailbox73 98Indicator 2021 2020 Balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements Note 1 (RMB million)881, 502. 25 611, 661. 62 Growth rate of the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements ( )53. 15 48. 12 Growth rate of loans for micro and small enterprisesNote 2 ( )33. 60 21. 43 Balance of loans for micro and small enterprises (RMB100 million)25, 560. 85 19, 131. 77 Balance of loans for micro and small enterprises as proportions of the total balance of all loans of the Bank ( )19. 97 16. 77 Number of micro and small enterprises to which the Bank granted loans644, 037 497, 300 Growth rate of micro and small enterprises to which the Bank granted loans ( )29. 51 10. 19 Balance of loans for small and medium- sized enterprises (SMEs) Note 3 (RMB100 million)42, 935. 60 37, 417. 55 Growth rate of loans for SMEs ( ) 14. 75 11. 09Note 1 Inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements By the standard of the CBIRC, they refer to the loans for micro and small enterprises with the total single-account credit amount of RMB10 million or below.
Note 2 Micro and small enterprises They refer to the small enterprises, micro enterprises, individual businesses, and micro and small business owners by the standard of the CBIRC.
Director independence In 2021, the Bank had 6 independent directors, accounting for 40 of total directors, who were selected from personalities at home and abroad.
Independent directors did not assume any other position at the Bank, and were not subject to the influence of the Bank s substantial shareholders, de facto controller or any other institution or individual that had a major stake in the Bank.
At the same time, the Bank requires in its Articles of Association that directors, who have a stake in the enterprise involved in the matter reviewed at the Board meeting, may not vote on the matter, and that resolutions made at the Board meeting shall be passed by more than half of the directors who do not have a stake in the matterNote 1.
As at the end of 2021, chairmen of special committees of the Board other than the Strategic Development Committee were assumed by independent directors.
Information disclosure and communication with investors The Bank continued to improve the information disclosure management policy system.
In 2021, the Bank held 14 meetings of the Board of Directors in total, during which time the average attendance rate of the Board of Directors was 94, and 108 proposals were reviewed.
Meanwhile, upon authorisation, committees of the Board of Directors vigorously assisted the Board of Directors in duty performance.
At the same time, the Bank provided a total of 10 training sessions for Board members throughout the year, with 73 person-times participation directors and 14 hours of training per Board member.
Number of meetings attended in person number of meetings convened during term of office Meetings are held in the form of onsite meeting or via written resolution.
Number of outlets in national- level rural revitalisation assistance countiesNote 134 32 29 Number of county-level outlets2, 934 2, 981 3, 016 Coverage ratio of county-level institutions ( )62. 52 62. 07 61. 42 Rate of counters substituted by scenarios ( )92. 90 96. 24 96. 13 Electronic reconciliation rate ( )98. 52 97. 80 96. 64 Costs of bill mailing reduced (RMB100 million)4. 89 4. 19 3. 66Chui Sai Peng Jose2 2 12 14 Former Directors Wang Jiang 1 1 0 1 Zhao Jie 2 2 14 14
116 117 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Clean office and anti-corruption The Bank was committed to preventing integrity risk, resolutely punished corruption, established a sound monitoring and restraint mechanism for key areas such as credit management, non- performing loan disposal and centralised procurement, and kept a tough anti-corruption stance.
It deepened the building of a long- effect anti-corruption mechanism, adhered to the principle of not daring to corrupt, not being able to corrupt and not wanting to corrupt, promoted Bank-wide special prevention and control, stepped up the investigation and punishment of violations of laws and disciplines, and improved the mechanism of power restriction.
Attaching great importance to the integrity building and anti- corruption supervision of overseas institutions, the Bank established a leading mechanism for integrity risk prevention and control and corruption governance in overseas institutions, overseas institutions strengthened their anti-corruption efforts and risk prevention and control in the light of the actual situation in local countries and regions.
Citizens, legal persons or other organisations can report facts and give opinions through phone calls, letters, visits, etc.
All those efforts were to process letters, phone calls and visits received and listen to opinions, suggestions and appeals of people.
Safeguarding intellectual property rights The Bank strictly complied with the Trademark Law of the People s Republic of China, the Patent Law of the People s Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People s Republic of China and other laws and regulations.
It advocated the concept of intellectual property rights protection, applied for and protected trademarks, patents and other intellectual properties in line with the Bank s intellectual property rights management measures.
Meanwhile, the Bank showed full respect to intellectual property rights of others and paid attention to the prevention of infringement of intellectual property rights.
Procurement practice In 2021, the Bank amended the Charter of Centralised Procurement Management Committee of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), the Management Measures for Procurement of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021) and other documents to further improve procurement review mechanisms, optimise procurement implementation process and strengthen substantive control over procurement risks with the goals of intensify supervision and control risks.
It promoted open, transparent and standardised procurement, primarily adopted public tenders, strictly controlled single source procurement, and organised all employees in centralised procurement centre of the Head Office to sign the Code of Conduct of Procurement Personnel for Clean Practice, in a bid to strengthen the oversight, management, discipline and accountability of procurement.
In 2021, one supplier s questions were accepted and handled by the Head Office.
The Bank implemented the national policies Regulations on Ensuring Timely Payments to Small and Medium-sized Enterprises and the Notices on Strengthening Support to Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, formulated the Management Measures for Payments to Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Suppliers of Bank of China (Version 2020), the Special Agreement Between Bank of China Limited and Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Suppliers and the Notice on Further Strengthening the Management on Payments to Private Enterprises and Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, and concluded special agreement with SME suppliers, in a bid to optimise payment conditions and process and ensure timely payments to SMEs.
At the same time, it safeguarded the right of SME suppliers to equally participate in bids.
Public online tenders, public invitation of tenders were adopted for procurement projects, in which micro and small enterprises meeting requirements all have eligibility and opportunities to bid.
While proposing requirements on the basic eligibilities of qualified suppliers, the Bank did not have any other requirement on the registered capital or scale of the enterprises except for a few projects with special requirements.
Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total number of centralised procurement projects13, 961 12, 995 15, 095 Budget amount involved in centralised procurements (RMB100 million)292. 49 288. 15 312. 88 Number of suppliers of the Head Office1, 087 1, 082 Including Proportion of suppliers in the Chinese mainland ( )90 Proportion of suppliers in outside the mainland ( )10 Coverage ratio of supplier review ( )100 100 Environmental and social assessment for suppliers Responding to challenges of the COVID-19 pandemicThe Bank incorporated responsible procurement into supplier selection, procurement, evaluation, supplier management, contract signing and other links.
The Bank evaluated suppliers commitments to environmental protection and social responsibility during supplier inspection and project review.
In addition to the written commitments of suppliers, the Bank also investigated their environmental protection equipment and measures, labor contract signing, social security payment, office environment, labor protection measures and other conditions during the investigation of specific project, and considered these factors in the process of review.
In comparison, overseas outbreaks continued to occur frequently, with the prevention and control situation remaining grim and complex.
Through the development of relevant systems, the transaction processing workload of pandemic-affected branches could be directly undertaken by other branches, thus effectively ensuring continuity in credit operation.
Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Supplier social responsibility training sessions held3 1 Compliance and business ethics The Bank required its employees to abide by business ethics, organised employees to sign the Letter of Compliance Commitment and carried out the study of policies such as the Measures for Handling Employee Violations, so as to channel employee management standards deep into the Bank.
At the same time, the Bank organised regular investigation into abnormal behaviors of employees and timely intercepted case risk.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance 119 118OutlookUshering in 2022, Bank of China will remain committed to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, act on the general principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability, assume its responsibilities and missions as a large state-owned bank, contribute to the stability of the macro economy, and put in place and deepen the requirements of the supply-side structural reform in the financial sector.
The Bank will coordinate the prevention and mitigation of financial risks with its efforts to serve the real economy, and build a first-class global banking group while bridging China and the world for the common good.
Focusing on the eight major priority fields and contributing to the stability of the macro economy The Bank will apply the new development philosophy of innovation, coordination, green development, opening up and sharing in a full, accurate and comprehensive manner and focus on the development of eight major priority fields, namely, technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, cross-border finance, consumer finance, wealth finance, supply chain finance and county-level finance, to build up a new service image of BOC.
Realising the goals of peaking carbon emission and carbon neutrality and pursuing green development Closely following the development goal of peaking carbon emission and achieving carbon neutrality, the Bank will optimise the sustainable financial business system and enhance its green and integrated service quality, so as to build itself into the first-choice bank for green financial services.
GRI 101 Foundation 101Principles for defining report content and principles for defining report quality120 General Disclosures 102-1 Name of the organisation 6 102-2 Brands, products, and services 6 102-3 Location of headquarters 131 102-4 Number of countries where the organisation operates 6 102-5 Nature of ownership and legal form 6 102-6 Markets served 2-3, 6 102-7 Scale of the organisation 6, 113 102-8 B1. 1 Information on employees and other workers 110-111, 114-115 102-9B5 General disclosures B5. 2A description of the organisation s supply chain 116-117 102-10significant changes to the organisation s size, structure, ownership, or supply chain during the reporting period20-39, 46-53, 75-83 102-11Whether and how the organisation applies the Precautionary Principle or approach54-58, 102-103 102-12Externally-developed economic, environmental and social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the organisation subscribes, or which it endorses.
Governance 102-18 Governance structure of the organisation 99 102-19Process for delegating authority for economic, environmental, and social topics from the highest governance body to senior executives and other employees99-100 102-20Whether the organisation has appointed an executive- level position or positions with responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics, and whether post holders report directly to the highest governance body.
If consultation is delegated, describe to whom it is delegated and how the resulting feedback is provided to the highest governance body.
Composition of the highest governance body and its committees99, 115Indexes About the Report The Board of Directors and all the directors of the Company hereby guarantee that the report does not contain any false presentation, misleading statement or material omissions and shall assume individual and joint liability for the authenticity, truthfulness and completeness of the contents hereof.
Coverage Organisation Focusing on Bank of China Limited ( BOC ), the report covers the Head Office, domestic branches, overseas branches, subsidiaries, representative offices and affiliates.
Preparation References This report is prepared in accordance with the Opinions on Strengthening the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (the former China Banking Regulatory Commission), the Guidelines of China Banking Association on the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions of China, the Guide of the Shanghai Stock Exchange to Self-discipline Regulation of Companies Listed on SSE and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as well as the Guidance of International Organisation for Standardisation on Social Responsibility (ISO26000), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (GRI Standards) of the Global Reporting Initiative, the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures and the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United States.
Data Basis The financial data contained in the report is based on the 2021 financial report audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP.
Other data is based on the reports of 2021 and the reports of previous years as well.
The monetary amount mentioned herein is denominated in Renminbi unless otherwise specified.
Disclosure Format The report will be issued in printed and electronic formats.
Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or ExplanationGRI Standards HKEx ESG Reporting Guide
122 123102-23Whether the chair of the highest governance body is also an executive officer in the organisation114 102-24Nomination and selection processes for the highest governance body and its committees, and criteria used for nominating and selecting highest governance body members101 102-25Processes for the highest governance body to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and managed.
The highest committee or position that formally reviews and approves the organisation s sustainability report and ensures that all material topics are covered.
Process for communicating critical concerns to the highest governance body10-11, 99-100 102-34Total number and nature of critical concerns that were communicated to the highest governance body, and mechanism(s) used to address and resolve critical concerns.
Remuneration policies for the highest governance body and senior executivesPlease refer to the Annual Report and Articles of Association 102-36 Process for determining remunerationPlease refer to the Annual Report and Articles of Association Stakeholders involvement in remuneration 102-37How stakeholders views are sought and taken into account regarding remuneration.
The organisation s approach to stakeholder engagement10-11 102-44Key topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder engagement, including how the organisation has responded to those key topics and concerns11 Reporting Practice 102-45All entities included in the organisation s consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents.
Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the list of material topics and topic Boundaries10 102-50 Reporting period 120 102-51 The date of the most recent previous report 120102-52 Reporting cycle Annual Report 102-53The contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents120 102-54The claim made by the organisation in accordance with the GRI Standards120 102-55 The GRI content index 121-125 102-56Policy and current practice with regard to seeking external assurance for the report127-130 Topic Economic Economic Performance GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 20 GRI 201 Economic Performance201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed9-10, 113-114 Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 9-10, 20, 40-45 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts203-1 Extent of development of significant infrastructure investments and services supported20-53 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts including significance of identified indirect economic impacts20-53 Anti-Corruption GRI 103 Management Approach B7 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 104-105 GRI 205 Anti-corruption205-2 Communication and training about anti- corruption policies and procedures116 Topic Environmental Materials GRI 103 Management ApproachA2 General disclosures A3 General disclosures103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 40-45, 66-69 GRI 301 Materials A2. 5 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 110 A3. 1Reductions in energy requirements of products and services40-69 Energy GRI103 Management ApproachA2 General disclosures A3 General disclosures103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 40-45, 66-69 GRI302 Energy A2. 1 302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 108-109 GRI 302 Energy A2. 1 302-3 Energy intensity 108-109 A2. 3 Energy use efficiency initiatives and results achieved 66-69 Water GRI 103 Management ApproachA2 General disclosures, A3 General disclosures, A2. 4103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures40-45, 66-69 GRI 303 Water A2. 2 303-1 Total water withdrawal by source 109 Emissions GRI 103 Management ApproachA1 General disclosures A3 General disclosures103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures40-45, 66-69 GRI 305 Emissions A1. 1 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 109 GRI 305 Emissions A1. 1 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 109Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation
124 125G4-FS7Monetary value of products and services designed to deliver a specific social benefit for each business line broken down by purpose114, 116 G4-FS13Access points in low-populated or economically disadvantaged areas6, 38-39, 91-97 G4-FS14Initiatives to improve access to financial services for the disadvantaged38-39, 91-97 Supplier Social Responsibility Performance GRI 103 Management Approach B5 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 116-117 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment B5. 2414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria116-117 Customer Health and Safety GRI 103 Management Approach B6 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 84-87 Marketing and Labeling GRI 103 Management Approach B6 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 84-85, 112 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling85, 112 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling417-2 Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and or voluntary codes concerning product and service information and labeling by results85, 112 Customer Privacy GRI 103 Management Approach B6 General disclosures, B6. 5 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 86, 112 GRI 418 Customer Privacy B6. 2418-1 Total number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy112 Compliance with Social Practices, Laws and Regulations GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 104-105 GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance B6 General disclosures419-1 Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and or regulations in the social and economic area in terms of total monetary value of significant fines and total number of non- monetary sanctions104-105, 115-116 B6. 3Practices of maintenance and protection of intellectual property rights116Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation GRI 305 Emissions A1. 1 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 109 GRI 305 Emissions A1. 2 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 109 A1. 5 Measures to mitigate emissions and results achieved 66-69, 109Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation Effluents and Waste GRI 103 Management ApproachA1 General disclosures A3 General disclosuresManagement approach disclosures 66-69 GRI 306 Effluents and Waste A1. 3, A1. 4, A1. 6 Total weight of waste by type and disposal method 109 Topic Social Employment GRI 103 Management Approach B1 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 74, 88, 110-111 GRI 401 Employment B1. 2401-1 Total number and rate of new employee hires and employee turnover110-111 GRI 401 Employment401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees88-90 Labor Management Relations GRI 103 Management Approach B4 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 88-90, 110-111 GRI 402 Labor Management Relations 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding significant operational changes, including report whether the notice period is specified in collective agreements B4. 1Review of employment practices to avoid child and forced labour88-90, 110-111 B4. 2Steps taken to eliminate child and forced labour practices when discovered88-90, 110-111 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 103 Management Approach B2 General disclosures, B2. 3 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 88-90, 110-111 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety B2. 1, B2. 2 403-2 Work-related hazards and incidents 110-111 Employee Training and Education GRI 103 Management Approach B3 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 88-89, 110-111 GRI 404 Training and Education B3. 1, B3. 2404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee by gender and employee category111 GRI 404 Training and Education404-2 Transition assistance programs provided to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment.
Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 101, 110 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity B1. 1Diversity of governance bodies and employees categorised by gender, age group and other indicators of diversity 110-111, 114 Non-discrimination GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 110 Local Communities GRI 103 Management Approach B8 General disclosures, B8. 1, B8. 2103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 38-39, 91-97 GRI 413 Local Communities 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs38-39, 91-97
126 127Assurance StatementTask Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (Tcfd) Index Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) Reporting and Self-AssessmentTcfd Recommended Disclosures Page Number(s) or Explanation Governance Disclose the organisation s governance around climate-related issues and opportunities.
Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation s business, strategy and financial planning where such information is material.
Risk Management Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks.
Metrics and Targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
Principle 2 Impact and Target Setting We will continuously increase our positive impacts while reducing the negative impacts on, and managing the risks to, people and environment resulting from our activities, products and services.
To this end, we will set and publish targets where we can have the most significant impacts.
Principle 3 Clients and Customers We will work responsibly with our clients and our customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared prosperity for current and future generations.
Principle 4 Stakeholders We will proactively and responsibly consult, engage and partner with relevant stakeholders to achieve society s goals.
Principle 5 Governance and Culture We will implement our commitment to these Principles through effective governance and a culture of responsible banking.
Principle 6 Transparency and Accountability We will periodically review our individual and collective implementation of these Principles and be transparent about and accountable for our positive and negative impacts and our contribution to society s goals.
Readers FeedbackWe appreciate your reading the Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited for 2021.
This is the 14th year the Bank releases the social responsibility report.
Total assets (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the total assets consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank.
Non-performing loans to total loans ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the non-performing loans to total loans consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank.
Capital adequacy ratio ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the capital adequacy ratio consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank.
Profit for the year (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the profit for the year consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank.
Income tax expense (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the income tax expense consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank.
Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank.
Number of employees (person) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of employees in the Bank (excluding non-financial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contract employees and dispatched employees.
Percentage of female mid-to-senior-level managers ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the number of middle and senior female management to the total number of middle and senior management in the Head Office and branches of the Bank at the end of the reporting period.
Employees trained (person-time) The term disclosed herein refers to the total person-times of employees of the Head Office, domestic branches and domestic comprehensive operations of the Bank who participated in training during the reporting period.
Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB trillion) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated at the end of the reporting period Basis of Reporting invested by the Bank in industries, including energy conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy industry, ecological environment, green upgrading of infrastructure, green services, overseas projects adopting international practices or standards, green trade financing and green consumption financing.
Balance of government-sponsored student loans (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of loans by the end of the reporting period granted by the Bank to eligible students from low-income families in universities affiliated to the central government (including branch campuses) and local universities to pay the basic expenses of their study and living in school.
Donations (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the total amount of donations made by the Group through government departments, legally established charities and other public charitable organizations eligible for pre-tax deduction of philanthropic contributions.
Total water consumption (m3) The term disclosed herein refers to the total water consumption of the Head Office of the Bank in Beijing during the reporting period, including the water consumption of the Head Office Building, Heishanhu Office Area, Haiying Building Office Area, Xijiaominxiang Office Area and Shangdi Office Area.
Electrical power consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (MWh) The term disclosed herein refers to the total electrical power consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing during the reporting period, including electricity consumption of the Head Office Building, Heishanhu Office Area, Haiying Building Office Area, Xijiaominxiang Office Area and Shangdi Office Area.
Gasoline consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (liters) The term disclosed herein refers to gasoline consumption of the vehicle fleet owned by the Head Office of the Bank during the reporting period.
Number of video meetings (number) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of video meetings held by the Head Office and institutions in Beijing of the Bank during the reporting period.
Social contribution per share (RMB) The term disclosed herein refers to the value-added per share created for the society calculated based on the basic earnings per share created by the Bank for shareholders, adding the value created by the Bank for other stakeholders during the reporting period, such as taxes paid by the Bank for the state, wages paid to employees, loan interest paid to creditors and total external donations, and deducting other costs derived from environmental pollution.
