The 2023 sustainability report (hereinafter referred to SR ) is the 18th sustainability report of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Sinopec Corp., the Company or We ).
The report introduces our sustainability philosophy and policies and our environmental protection, social responsibility, and corporate governance (hereinafter referred to as ESG ) performances in 2023, and highlights on how we responded to the expectations and concerns of our stakeholders.
The information herein comes from internal data and relevant public information.
Unless otherwise specified, all monetary figures shown in this SR are expressed in RMB (yuan).
Unless otherwise specified, the data in this SR covers the data of Sinopec Corp. and its wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries.
The Company's Board of Directors reviewed and approved this report on 22 March 2024.
The report is available in Chinese and English versions, and the Chinese version shall prevail in case of any conflict or inconsistency.
The report can be downloaded at the website http www.
com listco en References This report is prepared in accordance with the Guideline for the Self-Regulatory Supervision of Listed Companies of Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) No. 1 - Standardised Operation, the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide issued by Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKEx), Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), and the criteria of the Global Compact Advanced Communication on Progress, and with reference to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the 2021 GRI Universal Standards (GRI Standards) and GRI 11 Oil and Gas Sector 2021 issued by the GRI Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB).
Disclaimer This report includes certain forward-looking statements with respect to the results of our business operations and certain plans and conditions.
All statements that address activities, events or developments that we expect will or may occur in the future, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and by their nature involve risk and uncertainty.
This means that actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statement due to a number of factors and uncertainties.
In the past year, global economic growth slowed down coupled with increasing occurrence of geopolitical conflicts and global climate change became increasingly serious, and carbon neutrality vision accelerated the diversification of global energy structure and low-carbon transition.
The Chinese government pursued to the new philosophy of innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development, drove a comprehensive green and low-carbon transformation of the economy and society, implemented global development initiative, and actively contributed to the harmonious coexistence of man and nature.
As an international energy and chemical company and a member of the United Nations Global Compact, Sinopec Corp. adhered to the green and low-carbon development strategy and actively contributed to energy transition and sustainable development of the society.
Over the past year, we comprehensively promoted high-quality development and achieved continuous improvement in ESG management.
We revised multiple governance policies to further strengthen the foundation of sound governance.
Our directors, supervisors, and senior management diligently fulfilled their duties, and the role of independent directors has been further enhanced.
Maintaining stable dividend payout ratio, we continued to implement share repurchase both domestically and overseas.
Throughout the year, we won a total of seven awards in Natural Resources Technology Award and five China Patent Awards, and maintained our leading position among Chinese enterprises in patent quality.
We guaranteed the supply of clean oil products with high standards, and accelerated the industrialization of biomass fuel.
More than 3, 900 battery charging and swapping stations and 39, 600 charging terminals were added throughout the year, further enhancing our supply capacity of new energy for mobility.
We actively responded to climate change, implemented our carbon peaking action plan in an orderly manner and promoted the construction of carbon neutrality demonstration projects.
We strengthened the management of carbon assets to reduce the carbon trading costs.
We deepened the implementation of Energy Efficiency Improvement Plan, and reduced our comprehensive energy consumption per RMB 10, 000 of production value by 2. 6 year-on-year.
We deepened the prevention and control of pollution, and successfully achieved the goals of the first phase of our Green Enterprise Action Plan.
We also intensified the ecosystem protection, strictly prevented ecological environment risks, actively participated in ecological protection and restoration, and completed the afforestation and greening tasks of the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest Project.
We continuously optimised our inherent safety management with strictly enforcing safety responsibilities and the construction and effective implementation of a robust HSE management system.
We intensified the safety management on both our own operations and the operations of contractors, and continuously enhanced employees' emergency response capabilities with well-planned emergency plans and regular emergency drills.
Continuing efforts were carried out to safeguard employees'health by providing first aid equipment, and continuously improving employees' working environment and conditions.
Remarkable achievements were made in occupational health performance.
We insisted on the alignment of our high-quality development with the goal of meeting people's pursuit of better lives, and actively supported rural revitalisation and disaster relief efforts.
Our charitable programmes, such as the Spring Bud Service Station, Classes given by Academician, and Sinopec School Buddy received overwhelming response from the community.
We adhered to the people-oriented development concept, respected the dignity and rights of employees, and strove to achieve mutual growth of the employees and the Company.
Sinopec Corp. is one of the largest integrated energy and chemical companies in China, with its business scope all over the world, mainly including exploration and production segment, refining segment, marketing and distribution segment and chemicals segment.
It is a large oil and gas and petrochemical product manufacturer in China and has a complete sales network of refined oil and chemical products in China.
Exploration and Production Marketing and DistributionRefiningSinopec Corp.'s main oil and gas assets are located in China.
Sinopec Corp.'s primary refining assets are located in China.
In 2023, Sinopec Corp. processed 257. 52 million tonnes of crude oil and produced 156. 00 million tonnes of refined oil products.
Board's Statement on ESG Governance Board of Directors China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation March 22, 2024The Company's Board of Directors made the following statement in accordance with the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guidelines of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ).
Board's Role in ESG Governance The Board of Directors is the highest responsibility and decision-making agency, bearing the ultimate responsibility for Sinopec Corp.'s ESG governance.
The Sustainability Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for reporting to the Board on matters related to the Company's sustainability (including environmental, social, and governance aspects) related issues and making relevant recommendations, including overseeing and deliberating the implementation and progress of the Company's sustainability and ESG strategies and plans; overseeing the commitments and performances of the Company on key ESG issues such as climate change, environmental protection, health and safety, and compliance management; overseeing key information regarding sustainability issues related to the Company's businesses and conducting relevant researches on sustainability related topics; and approving the Company's annual sustainability reports and reporting to the Board of Directors the sustainability performances of the Company.
The Committee convenes at least once each year to inform the Board on ESG related issues.
Ad hoc meetings can be convened when proposed by either the chairperson of the committee or two or more committee members.
ESG Management Strategy and Policy The Company attaches great importance to ESG management, adheres to the development concept of innovation, coordination, green, open, and sharing, and deeply implements development strategies of value-leading, market- oriented, innovation-driven, green and clean, open and cooperation, and talents to revitalise the enterprise.
It also carries out materiality analysis by conducting stakeholder research and expert consultation, to identify key ESG issues for the Company's development, continuously optimise its ESG management and risk control, and improve the overall ESG governance of the Company.
Targets, Indicators and Review of Progresses The Company has established an ESG target management mechanism, and set up ESG performance targets in its development plans and key tasks, such as clean energy, climate change, environmental protection, resource utilisation, safety management, occupational health and safety, and anti-corruption and compliance, etc.
The Sustainability Committee regularly reviews the progress of the targets and reports it to the Board of Directors.
Chemicals Sinopec Corp.'s primary chemical assets are located in China, producing and selling various petrochemical products such as synthetic resins, synthetic fibres, synthetic rubber, basic organic chemicals, etc.
International Trade Sinopec Corp. is an important trader of crude oil in China, engaging in the international trade of crude oil, refined oil products and chemical products.
As of the end of 2023, Sinopec Corp. had been granted 55, 335 patents cumulatively, of which 5, 483 were granted within the year.
SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report
International Seminar on Global Poverty Reduction Partnerships The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council and CCTVChina Association for Public CompaniesSecurities Daily CAIJING S&P Global China Securities Journal Hong Kong Ta Kung Wen Wei Media GroupCLS.
Stakeholders EngagementSinopec Corp. maintains active communication with shareholders and investors, government and regulatory agencies, customers, employees, partners and suppliers, communities, media, and other stakeholders, through various regular and special communication channels, to timely and comprehensively understand the demands and expectations of stakeholders, and adjust and optimise relevant management and practices of the Company accordingly.
Business ethics and anti-corruption Risk management and operation compliance Invest in new energy Addressing climate change Ensure energy supply Taxation and job creation Research and innovationDaily communication and reporting Discussion and seminar Project approval Government supervision and regulation Quality of products and services Invest in new energy Ensure energy supply Research and innovation Digital transformationDaily service communication Customer visits Questionnaire survey Website, WeChat and other online media Occupational health and safety Employee training and career development Diversity and equity Respect human rightsCollective negotiations and employee representative conference Visit and research Annual commendation Regular trainings Corporate cultural activities Website, WeChat and other online media Community communication and engagement Taxation and job creation Responsible supply chain Support common prosperity Addressing climate change Green-oriented transition of energy Pollution and emissions control Biodiversity and land use Resource recycling and reuse Water resources managementCorporate philanthropy On-site research Community communication activities Open Day events Complaint hotline Media communication Project environmental and social risk assessment Environmental information disclosure Environmental performance monitoring and disclose Respond to external investigation Science popularisation activities of environmental protectionStakeholders Business performance Addressing climate change Green-oriented transition of energy Invest in new energy Research and innovation Risk management and operation complianceInformation disclosure required by law Performance release and meeting Teleconference and online communication Capital market conference, investor hotline, and roadshowsKey Communication Topics Communication Channels Board of Directors Decision-making Feedback Decision-making FeedbackReporting ApprovalReporting Coordination Implementation CommunicationSustainability CommitteeStrategy CommitteeAudit CommitteeRemuneration and Appraisal CommitteeNomination Committee The Board of Directors The Sustainability Committee Headquarters SubsidiariesThe Board of Directors is the top ESG decision-making body, responsible for the overall planning and coordination of its ESG governance.
The Sustainability Committee under the Board of Directors, with the Chairman of the Board as the chairperson of the Committee, is responsible for supervising and deliberating the Company's ESG strategy, targets and annual plans, and reporting ESG implementation results and major plans to the Board of Directors.
Our subsidiaries operate in accordance with the Company's ESG management policies, ESG master plan, targets and tasks.
Government and RegulationsCORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Shareholders and Investors Customers Employees CommunitiesCorporate Headquarters HQ Departments SubsidiariesHuman Rights Protection SystemHSE Management SystemRisk Management SystemAnti-corruption Management System
011 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report IdentificationRegular Important Significance to SinopecCore Evaluation ScreeningWe reviewed company development plans, government policy trends, energy and chemical industry policies and regulatory requirements, and benchmarked with the sustainability performance of industry peers.
We identified 22 sustainability issues of significance both to the Company and our stakeholders.
We invited representatives of both internal and external stakeholders to evaluate the identified issues, and took into consideration of the prioritisation of these issues sampled from our employees, to construct a two-dimensional mapping of the issues based on their significance.
After comprehensive consideration of the evaluation results of various topics, core, important, and general topics are determined according to their significance, and their rankings are used as a guide for the disclosure of relevant information in this report.
Energy transition and invest in new energy Research and innovation Addressing climate change Safety and occupational health Corporate governance Risk management and operation compliance Business ethics and anti-corruption Environmental protection and green development Talent attraction and retention Quality of products and services Core A4 Climate Change A4 Climate Change B2 Health and Safety B7 Anti-corruption A1 Emissions, A3 The Environment and Natural Resources, A4 Climate Change B3 Development and Training B6 Product Responsibility1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Respect human rights Employee training and career development Pollution and emissions control Digital and intelligent development Support common prosperity Biodiversity and land use Responsible supply chain Resource recycling and reuse Water resources management Community communication and engagementImportantB1 Employment, B4 Labour Standards B3 Development and Training A1 Emissions, A3 The Environment and Natural Resources B8 Community Investment A3 The Environment and Natural Resources B5 Supply Chain Management A2 Use of Resources A2 Use of Resources B8 Community Investment11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 201 324 9 1312 141618 20 21 2217191510 115 68 7 Significance to stakeholdersMateriality AnalysisIn 2023, the Company continued to identify and evaluate the material sustainability issues.
This report discloses and responds to the Company's management and performance in addressing 22 identified issues.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 012
013 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 014 Corporate Governance Structure Corporate Governance PoliciesThe Company continuously explores the establishment of a modern corporate system, focusing on building a corporate governance structure with clear delineation and transparency of rights and responsibilities, collaborative operations, and effective checks and balances, and has established a sound, complete, scientific, and efficient corporate governance system, ensuring that the rights and responsibilities of the General Meeting of Shareholders, the Board of Directors and its special committees, the Supervisory Board, and the management team are clearly defined, coordinated and fulfilled.
In accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and listing regulatory rules, the Company has formulated 18 governance systems such as the Articles of Association to provide institutional guarantees for ensuring the robust operation of the Company.
The Company follows the latest regulatory rules at home and abroad and carries out timely system revisions to ensure the Company's corporate governance system current.
Articles of Association of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation Rules of Procedure for Sinopec's General Meeting of Shareholders Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation Procedures for Director Nomination of Sinopec Procedures for Information Disclosure of Sinopec Regulations on Investor Relations Management of Sinopec Working Rules of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of Directors of SinopecGOVERNANCE SYSTEMIn accordance with the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, and the provisions on the supervision and administration of securities at both domestic and international levels, Sinopec Corp. has formulated the Articles of Association and other governance documents, to continuously improve the corporate governance system to generate sustainable value.
The General Meeting of Shareholders Board of Supervisors Senior ManagementBoard of Directors and Board Committees The General Meeting of Shareholders is the Company's decision-making body, exercising its powers in accordance with the law.
The Company treats all shareholders equally and fully safeguards their legitimate rights and interests.
In 2023, the Company convened three shareholder meetings and deliberated on and passed 33 proposals.
The Board of Supervisors is responsible for supervising the legality of the Company's finances and the performance of duties by the Company's directors and senior management.
The Board of Supervisors reports to the General Meeting of Shareholders, with a term of three years for each session.
The Eighth Session of the Company's Board of Supervisors currently consists of seven supervisors, including three employee representatives, accounting for 43.
Senior management is appointed by and reports to the Board of Directors.
The Company currently has seven senior management staff, with the CEO as the primary person in charge, who reports to the Board of Directors and is under the direction and assessment of the Board of Directors.
The committees hired designated consultancies to support their work, providing consultation and advice for the decision-making of the Board of Directors.
Independent directors play the role of participating in decision-making, supervising and balancing, and providing professional advice, independently and objectively exercising their authorities.
Independent directors leverage their professional expertise and advantages to promote the Company's operation management and scientific decision-making, safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of all shareholders, especially small and medium-sized shareholders.
Current Key Corporate Governance Policies of Sinopec Corp. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
015 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 016 For details of the Company's Articles of Association and related policy documents, please refer to Board of DirectorsAs the decision-making body of Sinopec Corp., the Board of Directors reports to the General Meeting of Shareholders and plays a critical role in corporate governance.
The Company continuously optimises the composition of the Board of Directors, strengthens the Board of Directors and board committees, emphasises the role of independent directors, laying a solid foundation for fully realising the effective governance of the Board of Directors.
In 2023, the Company's Board of Directors operated in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the Company's Articles of Association, and conscientiously implemented resolutions of the General Meetings of Shareholders.
All directors were diligent and responsible, exercising their directorial powers appropriately and fully utilising their professional knowledge and skills to provide scientific decision-making for major Company matters.
The annual report of the Company provides a detailed disclosure of the annual performance of the Board of Directors in the section of the Board of Directors Report.
Attendance of the Board Independent Directors Working Rules Procedures and Qualifications for the Election of Independent Directors Performance of Independent Directors in 2023The Company's Independent Director Working Rules stipulate that independent directors shall not be less than 1 3 of the Board, with a minimum of three.
It also specifies the qualifications for independent directors, the nomination, election, and replacement of independent directors, and the duties and rights of independent directors, ensuring the independent directors can perform their duties.
In 2023, the Company promptly followed the regulatory requirements for the reform of the independent director system in China, and revised relevant policies to further strengthen the guarantee for independent directors to better perform their roles.
The nominator of independent director candidates shall carefully verify the qualifications, eligibility, performance capabilities, and any factors that may affect their independence of each nominee, and make a statement and commitment on the verification results; meanwhile, the nominee shall make a public statement on their compliance with independence and other conditions for serving as an independent director.
The Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors reviews the qualifications of the nominees and forms specific review opinions.
Independent directors also need to conduct self-assessments on their independence annually and provide written confirmation to the Company.
In 2023, the independent directors of the Company diligently fulfilled their duties, providing decision-making advice on important development matters for the Company.
Three independent directors respectively serve as the chairpersons of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Nomination Committee.
The Company's independent directors implement the requirements of the Company's Articles of Association and the Working Rules for Independent Directors, participating in decision-making, supervising and balancing, and providing professional advice, conscientiously fulfilling their duties and participating in decision-making on major corporate matters.
They also conducted research and onsite visits in Jiangsu and Hainan to better understand the industrial chain, operation and management, transformation and upgrading, and reform and development of the Company.
During the reporting period, the independent directors of the Company expressed independent opinions on matters such as nominating directors and appointing senior executives, related- party transactions, profit distribution schemes, reappointing accounting firms, issuing A-shares to specific entities, share repurchases, etc., safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and all shareholders.
Other Positions of Independent Directors Board ElectionIn accordance with the relevant requirements of China Securities Regulatory Commission, and to ensure that independent directors have enough time and energy to effectively perform their duties, the Company stipulates in the Articles of Association that those who have concurrently served as an independent director in five listed companies are not eligible to be an independent director of the Company.
Directors shall be elected or replaced by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and each Board has a three-year tenure of office.
Independent non-executive directors may not be re-elected for more than 6 years.
Independent director candidates are nominated by the Company's Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, or shareholders holding more than 1 of the total voting shares, individually or collectively, of the Company; candidates for directors other than independent directors are nominated by the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, or shareholders holding more than 3 of the total voting shares, individually or collectively, of the Company, and the list of director candidates is submitted to the General Meetings of Shareholders for deliberation in in the form of a proposal.
A cumulative voting system is adopted when electing two or more directors at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
The Company has formulated the Board of Directors Diversity Policy, and the nomination and appointment of board members are based on the skills and experience required for the overall sound operation of the Board of Directors, as well as the diversity requirements and goals of the Board.
The Company considers the diversity of the Board from multiple dimensions, including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, tenure, region, cultural and educational background, gender, and age.
The provisions on the tenure of directors in the Company's Articles of Association are conducive to ensuring a proper balance between sustained experience and new thinking of the Board, which enhances the diversity of the Board.
Currently, the Company's Board of Directors has achieved diversity in terms of gender, cultural and educational background, and professional expertise.
The current members of the Company's Board of Directors come from different industries at home and abroad, with rich theoretical and practical experience in various professions, including operations and management of oil and petrochemical enterprises, as well as economics, accounting, finance, industrial and energy economics.
As of the end of 2023, the Eighth Board of Directors of the Company has nine directors, including three executive directors and six non-executive directors, with non-executive directors accounting for 67 of the Board; there are four independent directors, accounting for 44 of the Board; and female directors account for 11 of the Board.
The Company's Board of Directors consists of six non-executive directors, of whom four are independent directors.
The non-executive directors account for 67 of the board.
Independent directors do not hold any position in the Company other than director.
The Company continuously improves the Independent Director Working Rules and other policies to standardise the operation of independent directors, ensuring the independence of the Board of Directors.
Effectiveness of the Board1 Diversity of the Board2Independence of the Board3 In 2023, the Company convened six Board meetings with a 100 attendance rate of the directors, and deliberated and approved 50 motions.
Relevant information about the meetings is disclosed on the websites of related stock exchanges and our corporate website in the form of announcements.
Strategy CommitteeAudit CommitteeNomination CommitteeSustainability CommitteeRemuneration and Appraisal CommitteeWorking Rules of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors of SinopecComposed of three directors, including two independent non- executive directors, one of whom serves as Chairperson of the Committee.
The Board of Supervisors is responsible for safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders by inspecting and supervising the legality of the performance of the directors and senior management personnel.
The term of office for the Company's supervisors is three years, with re-election and consecutive terms allowed.
Supervisors who are not employee representatives of the Company are elected and dismissed by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and those who are employee representatives are democratically elected and dismissed by employees of the Company via employee representative meeting, employ congress or other means.
By the end of 2023, the Company's Board of Supervisors consisted of seven members, of whom three were employee representatives, accounting for 43 of the Board.
In 2023, the Board of Supervisors convened four meetings in total, with a 100 attendance rate, and mainly approved 20 agenda items, including the annual report, financial report, sustainability report, internal control evaluation report, and the Board of Supervisors' work report of the Company.
In terms of performance evaluation for senior management, the Company incorporates indicators such as quality benefits, service strategy, innovation drive, professional management, as well as ESG-related targets such as production safety, energy conservation and environmental protection, and compliance into the performance assessment of senior management personnel, with relevant performance-based incentives based on the evaluation results.
The Company has formulated and implements a robust performance evaluation and compensation management mechanism for senior management, stipulating that the compensation of senior management mainly consists of basic annual salary, performance bonuses, and tenure incentives.
The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of Sinopec Corp.'s Board of Directors makes recommendations to the Board of Directors on the formulation of compensation plans or schemes and assessment for directors, supervisors, and other senior management staff.
For compensation determination, the committee has comprehensively considered the Company's goals and targets, compensation schemes of industry peers, the responsibilities and performance of directors and senior executives, etc.
On 27 February 2023, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee deliberated and approved the Report on the Implementation of the 2022 Compensation System for Directors, Supervisors, and Senior Management.
The claw-back mechanism also applies to senior executives who have already resigned or retired.
Responsibilities Policies and mechanismComposition Key activities in 2023 Remuneration and Appraisal of Directors and Senior Management PersonnelBoard CommitteesThe Company has established five committees under the Board, which are the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, and the Sustainability Committee.
The committees conduct research on professional matters, and present opinions and suggestions to the Board for decision-making.
Weight Assessment Indicators Indicator Category Quality and benefit indicators Total profit, return on equity, cash flow, costs (expenses), economic value added, etc.
Key task indicators 10 A maximum of 15 points can be deducted from operating performance points for poor performance in production safety, and 10 points in energy conservation and environmental protection.
Compulsory indicatorsCORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
019 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report CASEInformation Disclosure and Investor Relations Management A Reverse Roadshow Covering the Entire Industry ChainThe Company strictly fulfils its information disclosure obligations of where it is listed in accordance with laws and regulations, and strives for greater disclosure transparency.
Guided by investor demand, the Company keeps optimising its information disclosure system to develop a deeper integration with its internal control system, and optimising the format and the distribution of information disclosure, delivering concise and easy to understand formats such as digital infographics to improve the effectiveness of information disclosure.
In 2023, the Company's information disclosure received an A-level evaluation from the Shanghai Stock Exchange for the 10th consecutive year.
The Company's directors and senior management staff actively communicate with investors and other stakeholders, listening to opinions and suggestions and responding to their inquires in a timely manner.
The Company actively expands the breadth and depth of its communication with stakeholders to help them better understand the Company through various channels, such as General Meeting of Shareholders, roadshows, reverse roadshows, analyst meetings, receptions, investor hotlines, corporate website columns, and new media platforms, winning a variety of award in this regard, including the China Securities Golden Bauhinia Award for Outstanding Investor Relations Management and the Best Investor Relations Team award voted by the Institutional Investor.
In June 2023, the Company organised a reverse roadshow covering its entire industry chain, showcasing the advantages and development potential of Sinopec Corp. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 020
021 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 022 Compliance Risk Management2 Enhance Compliance Training3 Enhance Audit Supervision4Compliance ManagementINTEGRITY AND COMPLIANCE 54 Items Operating norms of the Company 52 Items Codes of conduct for Sinopec employeesSinopec Compliance Risk Management Three Lines of Defence The Company and its direct affiliates have established a comprehensive compliance risk identification, assessment, and early warning mechanism based on the comprehensive risk management framework, and established and regularly updated the compliance risk database, highlighting and strengthening the prevention, process control, and classified management of compliance risks.
The Company and Its Direct Affiliates Business units and functional departments regularly review and analyse the mandatory compliance requirements and voluntary compliance commitments within the scope of their business responsibilities, focusing on identifying relevant risks in business activities, clarifying risk issues, determining risk levels, formulating preventive measures, establishing risk lists, and timely reporting compliance risks to the compliance management department.
Business Units and Functional Departments The compliance management department summarises and analyses the compliance risk situation, identifies and evaluates major and important compliance risks; pays attention to changes in the external regulatory environment, prompts and urges relevant departments and units to timely identify and evaluate compliance risks and take corresponding measures; focuses on key business areas and links, key personnel positions, refines management, and strengthens dynamic monitoring and early warning of major and important compliance risks.
The Compliance Management DepartmentFirst line of defenceSecond line of defenceThird line of defence Sinopec Corp. has established a sound integrity and compliance management system strictly adhering to compliance and integrity management requirements and principles.
The Company formulates and implements a series of policies to continuously strengthen business ethics awareness at both the corporate and the employee levels, including the Comprehensive Management Opinions on Strengthening Management in Compliance with Laws and Regulations, the Integrity and Compliance Management Manual, the Compliance Management Measures, the Tax Management Measures, etc.
The Company applies a zero tolerance attitude towards corruption and violations of business ethics, resolutely strive to eliminate all behaviours that violate business ethics, and continuously improves the integrity and compliance management and the anti-corruption capabilities of the Company.
With a sound and robust compliance management mechanism, processes, and relevant operational support, the mechanism fully functions to provide three lines of defence in compliance management, contributing to building a comprehensive, effective, and customised compliance management system.
The Company continuously optimises its compliance management system, and has formulated and implemented a number of relevant policies and regulations, including the Sinopec Compliance Management Measures, the Sinopec Major Project Legal Compliance Review and Demonstration Management Measures, and the Sinopec Integrity Compliance Management Manual.
The Sinopec Integrity Compliance Management Manual addresses ten areas, including corporate governance and operations, safety, environmental protection, employee health and security, anti-commercial bribery and anti-corruption, consumer rights protection, anti- monopoly and unfair competition, finance and taxation, assets, social responsibility and employee rights, intellectual property and data, international trade and investment, business partners.
It specifies 54 operating norms that the Company shall comply with 52 codes of conduct for Sinopec Corp.'s employees, providing the basic requirements and behavioural norms for both the Company and its employees in conducting external communications, upholding professional ethics, adhering to business ethics, safeguarding legitimate rights, and fulfilling social responsibilities.
In 2023, the Company revised the Sinopec Compliance Management Measures, comprehensively upgrading the basic compliance management system; developed and released the compliance guidelines for bidding and tendering, as well as compliance risk lists in bidding and tendering, ecological environment protection, and finance and taxation fields, further enriching and improving the compliance management system of the Company.
The Company also integrates compliance requirements into employee performance management, incorporating compliance, unity and cooperation, and integrity indicators in the performance assessment of employees, using multi-dimensional evaluations to ensure the effectiveness of compliance management at the employee level.
The Company has formulated the Employee Code of Conduct, which regulates employee compliance behaviour in terms of health, safety and environmental protection, behavioural norms, ethical standards, workplace etiquette, quality requirements, confidentiality requirements, etc.
The Company formulated the 2023 compliance management training plan and organised a series of compliance management training programmes, such as the compliance management training series for legal compliance management staff and compliance personnel of refining, sales and research subsidiaries.
The Company organised a training programme for Chief Compliance Officers of subsidiaries to help them improve their legal thinking, compliance awareness, and legal compliance capabilities.
The video lecture series were studied 69, 593 views.
The Company's audit requirements clearly specify the requirements for operating in compliance with the laws and regulations.
The Company has formulated audit key points and audit plans, both emphasising the need to focus on operating in compliance with the law, major risk prevention and control, the authenticity and legality of financial accounting information, as well as the compliance of procurement and sales management, investments, overseas business operations, etc.
Compliance Policy Guarantee1Policy Law Risk Internal ControlCompliance 60. 34 59. 13 204060Participation in Compliance TrainingCoverage Rate of Employee Compliance Training Unit 10, 000 person-timesUnit 3335 102030 2023 2023 2022 2022Year-on-year Change 6. 06 Year-on-year Change An increase of 1. 21 percentage points Sinopec Compliance Management Measures Sinopec Major Project Legal Compliance Review and Demonstration Management Measures Sinopec Integrity Compliance Management Manual Opinions on Strengthening Management of Comprehensive Compliance with Laws and Regulations in Sinopec Employee Code of Conduct Regulations on Employee DisciplineCurrent Key Compliance Management Policies of Sinopec Corp. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
023 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 024 Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption ManagementThe Company strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations, such as the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China, the Civil Servants Disciplinary Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on the Integrity of Leading Cadres in State- owned Enterprises, and the Measures for the Implementation of Accountability for Violations of Operating and Investment by Central Enterprises (Trial), as well as anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws applicable in the markets where we operate, international conventions such as the United Nations Convention against Corruption, complies with the provisions and commitments of the Company and its business partners on integrity and anti-corruption, and conducts operations in accordance with regulations.
In 2023, the Company further strengthened its anti-corruption and compliance policies and optimised its anti-corruption system, and formulating and revising a number of policies, such as the Sinopec Compliance Management Measures and the Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations.
The revised version of the Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations specifies 13 specific behaviours that violate the requirements of integrity in employment, involving receiving and giving gifts, using public funds for personal expenses, irregular provision of allowances, subsidies, bonuses, and company-funded trips, etc.
Any employee that is found to have violated the requirements shall be disciplined in accordance with the Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations.
After preliminary verification, if an employee is suspected of violating regulations, discipline, or laws and needs to be held accountable, the Company shall initiate a case to further investigate, and make corresponding decisions and disciplinary actions based on the nature and severity of the incident.
The Company conducts regular comprehensive risk identification and risk level classification, with a focus on anti-corruption and compliance risks.
The Supervision Department regularly reports the overall state of anti-corruption and important matters to the Sustainability Committee and the Board as an effective reporting mechanism for major matters.
The Board of Directors is responsible for promoting the Company's anti-corruption management at the decision- making level; the Supervision Department organises and coordinates the implementation of anti-corruption policies according to its responsibilities; each subsidiary has a supervisory body or position, equipped with full-time or part-time staff, to carry out anti-corruption work in accordance with laws and regulations and company disciplines.
The Company also regularly conducts research and deploys key supervision tasks.
In March 2023, the Company's anti-corruption and compliance management and its performance in 2022 was reviewed by the Sustainability Committee of the Board.
The Supervision Department of the Company operates under the oversight of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, and staff to ensure standardised behaviour and prevent abuse of power.
The Supervision Department implements internal power checks and balances and work processes to prevent the abuse of power; strengthens supervision and inspection and regulates the supervision behaviour of lower-level supervisory bodies.
Whistleblowing reports on supervisory institutions and personnel are handled separately and independently investigated by specialised units.
Fraudulent behaviours of supervisory personnel will be strictly investigated and punished in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and company regulations.
Anti-Corruption Statement of Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. strictly abides by China's anti-corruption laws and regulations, the United Nations Convention against Corruption and the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws applicable to the countries and regions where it operates.
The Company complies with the business integrity and anti-corruption regulations and commitments of its business partners and always advocates for an integrity culture.
The Company strictly forbids its subsidiaries and employees, including labourers and temporary workers, from giving or accepting bribes, or engaging in corruption, fraud, or monopoly behaviour for any reason, in any form and any location.
The Company also requires suppliers, contractors, and service providers to follow these requirements.
When conducting business overseas, the Company strictly abides by the principles and regulations of anti-corruption, anti-commercial bribery, anti-fraud, and anti-monopoly.
Anti-Corruption Organisational Framework1Anti-Corruption Policy and System2 Anti-Corruption Risk Management3Sinopec Compliance Management Measures Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations Supervision and Discipline Measures of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Team (Trial) Opinions on Strengthening Daily Supervision of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Institutions (Trial) Implementation Measures on Accountability for Non-compliance in Investment Management Regulations on Working Procedures for Accountability Investigation (Trial) Measures of Disciplinary Inspection and Supervision Agency for Handling Reports and Accusations Regulations on Management Personnel's Relatives Engaging in Business Activities Methods for Daily Supervisory Conversations Methods for Reporting and Recording of Management Personnel's Illegitimate Involvement in Major MattersCurrent Key Anti-corruption Policies of Sinopec Corp. Material Procurement Engineering Construction Product SalesStrictly implemented the requirements of the Ten Prohibitions for Material Procurement of Sinopec and the Eight Prohibitions for Bidding and Tendering Personnel, continuously optimised supervision indicators around key processes such as bidding, quotation comparison, and contract signing, and improved the mechanism of pre-warning, in- process monitoring, and post-evaluation.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
025 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 026 2022 20222023 2023Indicators Indicators489. 37 27 3 119. 5 100 1. 4 88. 2 100536. 35 19 0 119. 7 100 1. 5 89. 1 100Total number of public entries in the Business Disclosure Information System (ten thousand) Participation of anti-corruption and integrity training (10, 000 person-times) Coverage rate of anti-corruption trainings ( ) Number of disciplinary legal education training sessions (10, 000 times) Coverage of disciplinary legal education and training ( )Number of employees participated in disciplinary legal education (10, 000 person-times)Number of individuals disciplined for violating the Company's anti-corruption policies Number of corruption litigation cases adjudicated by the court Anti-corruption Education Investigation and Disciplinary ActionsCoordinated and provided integrated integrity education in business training for employees at all levels, achieving full coverage of integrity education through centralised warning education, reminders communications, and case briefings.
In 2023, the Company headquarters and its subsidiaries jointly offered 2, 623 anti- corruption and integrity training courses, with a total training time of 17, 650 hours.
Neither the Company nor any of its employees was involved in corruption lawsuits that have been adjudicated by the court.
Supervision and Special GovernanceSinopec Corp. has established a whistleblowing mechanism to accepts opinions from various parties in accordance to the integrity management principle of listening to different opinions.
As of the end of 2023, the Company's whistleblowing channels include mailing, in-person reporting, phone line to the supervisory authority, and suggestion columns on corporate website, etc.
The Company regards the protection of whistleblowers' privacy as a significant responsibility, and continuously enhances the internal confidentiality mechanism and formulates the Company's approaches to accusations.
The Company strictly keeps confidential the name, affiliation, and address of the whistleblowers.
If anonymous whistleblowing reports are received, identification verification through handwriting or IP address is prohibited.
If the situation makes it necessary to identify the anonymous whistleblowers' identities, such action has to go through a due process of approval first.
Indicators Number of suppliers punished for business integrity violations2022 2023 6 611, 109 Number of suppliers passing legal entity credit certificationKey Anti-Corruption Activities in 20234 Protection of the Whistle-blower5 Petition and Whistleblowing Handling Procedures Review the allegations received to understand the key information and nature of the reported incidents.
The handling personnel shall put forward suggestions for handling the reported incidents, and report the handling suggestions to relevant supervisory personnel in charge for approval and implementation.
The Complaint Management Department regularly conducts comprehensive statistical analysis of incidents handled.
Information reviewSummary registrationStatistical analysisHandling and processing Anti-Corruption and Compliance of Supply ChainThe Company attaches great importance to anti-corruption and compliance management in the supply chain, and has formulated regulations such as the Ten Prohibitions for Material Procurement of Sinopec, the Eight Prohibitions for Bidding Practitioners, the Performance Evaluation Measures for Material Supply Management of Sinopec, and clearly stipulated the anti-corruption and compliance requirements and disciplinary provisions in the Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations for procurement operations.
The Company signs a Business Integrity Commitment with contractors and suppliers, which attached to the procurement contract (agreement) and has the same legal effect, to regulate trading behaviours.
The Company conducts audit supervision on supplier management, focusing on the compliance issues related to supplier qualifications, procurement methods, and procurement procedures.
Issues identified in the audit shall be rectified with measures such as assessment of suppliers, policy revision, and disciplinary actions against relevant parties.
By the end of 2023, a total of 11, 109 suppliers passed legal entity credit certification.
In 2023, the Company disqualified 6 suppliers involved in corruption issues from transactions.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
027 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 028 Sinopec Corp. has established a robust risk management and internal control system, and regularly conducts risk identification, assessment, and control efforts.
Each year, the Company, and its subsidiaries organised corporate risk assessment with the assistance of internal and external experts to ensure the effectiveness and applicability of risk assessment results.
In terms of internal control management, the Company continuously strengthens its internal control supervision and management, and has established a sound management mechanism of systems, policies, and supervisory functions.
In 2023, the Company generated quarterly risk alerts based on calculation of the indicators, achieving the initial effects of risk monitoring and early warning.
The Company includes risk management as a mandatory performance indicator for the compensation appraisal system for senior management staff, with deductions of performance points for major decision-making errors or legal disputes.
The Company has fully integrated risk control concepts into various trainings of its business units.
In 2023, the Company organised three sessions of fundamental training on risk management and internal control, covering more than 300 leaders and key personnel from relevant departments.
The Company also organised risk management and internal control position training and business competitions, with a total participation of 572 thousand person-times.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL Sinopec Corp.'s Board of Directors is the top authority and decision-making body for risk management, with the Chairman of the Board acting as the highest-level person in charge of risk management.
Headquarters Departments In accordance with the requirements of comprehensive risk management, Sinopec subsidiaries have set up their own comprehensive risk management leading teams to ensure the effective implementation of risk management efforts.
SubsidiariesRisk Management System of Sinopec Corp. 572 Thousand person-times Participants of risk management and internal control position training and business competitionsTax Management Intellectual Property ProtectionThe Company has formulated the Tax Management Measures and other relevant policies to ensure tax compliance, and conscientiously fulfils its tax obligation in compliance with the relevant tax policies and regulations of the market where it operates, as well as the Company's management policies and operation procedures.
With a strong focus on accurate and timely tax payments, the Company maintains authentic and complete tax-related data and records to meet regulatory requirements and disclose tax information in accordance with applicable regulations.
The Company supports and complies with the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) programme, and is committed to paying taxes legitimately in where it operates and creates value, and contributing to local social and economic development.
In 2023, the Company regularly studied state tax policies and organised relevant trainings for tax-related personnel in order to help them improve their understanding and application capabilities of the policy updates.
The Company also continuously strengthened its tax management information system and intensified its tax management efforts.
The Regional Finance and Tax Coordination Team conducts joint inspections and cross inspections of tax risks of enterprises within each region, and strengthens source compliance control, process compliance management, and result compliance monitoring, promotes normalised, institutionalised, and precise risk prevention and control, so as to enhance the tax risk prevention and control capabilities of the Company.
The Company continuously highlights the key role of intellectual property in corporate competitiveness, and has formulated its intellectual property strategy focusing on key business development, building a unique and effective intellectual property management system regarding the creation, application, protection, and management of intellectual property.
The Company strictly abides by the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations related to intellectual property protection, fully undertaking intellectual property protection efforts.
The Company has formulated and implements a series of regulations and policies to provide clear implementation norms for promoting patent management and intellectual property protection, including the Sinopec Intellectual Property Protection Regulations, the Sinopec Patent Management Measures, the Sinopec Proprietary Technology Management Measures, the Sinopec Technology Trade Management Measures, the Sinopec Technology Achievement Transformation Promotion and Incentive Management Measures, and the Sinopec Chemical Commercial Holding Co., Ltd.
Intellectual Property Protection Management Regulations, allowing intellectual property to play a more important role in supporting and leading the Company's innovation and development with better managed creation, application, protection, and management of intellectual property.
Risk Management Risk Management System1CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
029 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 030 The Company has established a robust internal control management system of organisational framework, policies, and evaluation mechanism, covering different levels at headquarters and subsidiaries.
In 2023, the Company conducted internal control audit evaluations on 31 subsidiaries, and required the rectification of identified risks through methods such as improving risk lists, revising internal control implementation rules or relevant policies.
Internal Control Management Risk Identification and Assessment by Category The Company carries out comprehensive identification annually to identify the focus of annual risk management, and prepares its comprehensive risk management report based on risk evaluation results.
Questionnaire Survey AssessmentInternal Control Management System of Sinopec Corp. Organisational Framework Policy and SystemManagement Module Headquarters Level Subsidiary Level Process of Annual Major Risk Identification and Assessment Evaluation MechanismThe Company regularly conducts risk identification and assessment, collects relevant internal and external information, identifies risks, analyses the causes of risks, formulates risks list, uses a combination of qualitative and quantitative methods to assess the risk level, and clarifies the focus of risk management in conjunction with development strategies and operational objectives.
In 2023, the Company conducted its annual major risk identification assessment with multi- dimensional approach, drawing reference from its major risk prevention and mitigation plan, the analysis of future trends, and annual risk assessment list recommendations from internal and external consulting agencies, and formulated and implemented relevant measures based on the assessment results.
The Company continues to optimise ESG governance and risk control, and strives to enhance its overall ESG management by including risk management assessment in the annual performance appraisal of various departments and subsidiaries.
Risk Identification and Assessment Procedures ESG Risk Management2 3The Company conducts special risk assessment for major investment projects during the feasibility study phase, and develops a special risk assessment report accordingly.
Each unit conducts dynamic risk assessment of relevant risks based on the annual risk assessment results and in conjunction with daily operational management.
Major Risk Report and Response Developed a 2023 annual risk assessment survey questionnaire in accordance with risk assessment standards, and surveyed 2, 576 personnel from headquarters and subsidiaries using the questionnaire on two dimensions, the likelihood of occurrence and the degree of impact.
Entrusted the internal and external advisory agencies to evaluate key risks for Sinopec Corp. in 2023, and compiled a risk assessment report accordingly.
Compiled the Annual Major Risk Management Report with a total of 24 major risks identified and analysed and corresponding mitigation and control measures proposed.
As the top decision-making body for internal control and management within the Company, the Board of Directors determines the internal control system, and is in charge of the overall supervision and evaluation of internal control policies and their effective implementation.
The Audit Committee of the Board is responsible for overseeing the Company's internal control system.
The Audit Department independently exercises the inspection and evaluation functions of internal control management.
Headquarters functional departments and business units are responsible for the formulation and effective implementation of internal controls related to their respective functions and business units.
The Audit Department carries out various audits and continuously supervises the Company's internal control independently.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
031 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 032 2022 2023225232 2022 202349, 85255, 335 20, 00040, 00060, 000 2022 20233, 0006, 0009, 000 2022 20238, 687 6, 2899, 601 5, 483 3, 0006, 0009, 000 Built a strategic innovation platform, all four State Key Laboratories Sinopec plays a leading role passed optimisation and restructuring, and participated in the construction of two new State Key Laboratories.
Increased investment in technological research, established special grant for key research projects, and continuously optimised assessment and incentive mechanism to further stimulate the vitality of technological innovation.
Our kitchen waste grease to bio-aviation fuel plant successfully completed commercial scale pilot production, the first in China, with the full range of products, including bio- aviation fuel, biodiesel, and bio-naphtha, successfully passed the certifications of the Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB).
Hydrogen production Achieved milestone results in the development of Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) electrolysis and Solid Oxide Electrolysis Cell (SOEC) hydrogen production technologies.
Hydrogen purification Developed high-efficiency active adsorbents and modular purification processes that can be used to treat hydrogen from different sources, with the complete set of technologies successfully applied in a number of subsidiaries.
Hydrogen storage, transportation, and fuel cells Achieved milestone results in the development of hydrogen storage materials, membrane electrodes, and catalysts, etc.
Successfully developed commercial scale membrane electrodes using independently developed catalysts as the active component, and self-assembled stacks passed third- party testing.
Sinopec Corp. has developed the full range of CCUS technologies, and built the first million- tonne CCUS demonstration project in China (Qilu Petrochemical - Shengli Oilfield), with the first hundred-kilometre CO 2 long-distance pipeline constructed and in operation in China.
The Company also jointly conducted research on the first open million-tonne CCUS project in East China with both domestic and global partners.
By 2023, the Company intensified its efforts in technological innovation and optimised the overall coordination of research resources, resulting in an increase of its technological innovation capabilities.
In 2023, the Company focused its research efforts on key core technologies with a series of fundamental, cutting-edge, and disruptive technological research projects, and had made considerable achievements in many areas.
TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION Technological Innovation ManagementTechnological Innovation Achievements Number of patent applications filed in the yearNumber of patent applications granted in the yearCumulative number of patents granted globallyR&D investment Unit RMB millionBiomass Fuel New Chemical Materials Hydrogen EnergyRefiningOil and Gas Exploration and Development CCUS TechnologiesThe first independently developed epichlorohydrin production unit using the CHP (cumene hydroperoxide) method successfully started operation.
Completed the construction of the 5, 000 tonnes per year high-performance liquid rubber plant, which could produce liquid rubber material used in 5G communication high-frequency copper-clad laminate and flexible resin board, marking the commercial production and large-scale application of high-performance liquid rubber.
Developed a number of products using polyolefin elastomer (POE), including photovoltaic film, resin modification, and foaming materials, all of which can be produced in mass scale.
Developed the continuous pyrolysis technology of waste plastics (RPCC), which is a key technology in the plastic recycling of waste plastics with the advantages of large-scale, continuous operation, and high impurity removal rate, providing an effective solution to address the white pollution.
Developed new high molecular materials for medical and health protection under multiple brand names, which are widely used in the production of masks, protective suits, isolation cabins, and surgical gowns.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 034 033 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report Intensified the in-depth application of the investment management platform, and optimised the digitalised risk and inspection platform applications, and completed the construction of 87 analysis decision models in five major categories including risk management, supporting the construction of a digital financial management system to promote digitalisation.
Three oilfield subsidiaries achieved intelligent oil and gas field operation management, with a single well early warning accuracy rate of over 85, improving the capabilities to top the potentials of oil and gas reserves.
The Company actively implemented digital and intelligent upgrading in safety, environmental protection, energy and other areas, completing the construction of a total of 15 intelligent factories, among which six were upgraded in 2023, piloted unmanned testing and measurement operations, and applied the alarm information push application online in 42 refining and chemical subsidiaries which increased the timely alarm handling rate by more than 10. 59 subsidiaries of the Companies launched online carbon accounting applications.
Eleven subsidiaries adopted the integrated logistics platform, comprehensively improving production and operation efficiency and contributing to the green development of the Company.
Digital trade and services helped tap new business potentials.
The Company upgraded its customer service system to achieve intelligent operation, with an intelligent robot question answering accuracy rate of 86.
Breakthroughs the Digital Transformation of Various Fields The Petrochemical Industry Intelligent Manufacturing Public Service Platform project passed the acceptance inspection by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Company also officially released the Guidelines for the Construction of Petrochemical Industry Intelligent Manufacturing Standard System.
Completed all pilot tasks of the Industrial Internet Production Safety project, and the pilot applications, such as intelligent inspection, dynamic leak detection, and unmanned tank cleaning robot, of the 5G infrastructure construction and application project had been successfully deployed to help eliminate safety risks.
The Industrial Internet Equipment project has completed the 5G new generation inspection, key unit status monitoring pilot applications, which increased the accuracy of pump group failure diagnosis to 97, providing effective support for preventing pump failures and eliminating safety accidents.
Progresses of Key Demonstration ProjectsSinopec Corp. vigorously implements digital transformation, and continuously enhances the digital and intelligent capabilities as new engine for high-quality development.
In 2023, the Company achieved a series of results in digital transformation and intelligent development.
Sinopec Corp. became the first enterprise in the petrochemical industry to be rated the top class (Level 5) enterprise in data management capability, and its data application case won the first prize in the Industrial Internet Big Data Innovation Application track of the 2nd China Big Data Competition.
Furthermore, the Company and its subsidiaries have received numerous honours and recognitions in areas such as cyber security, digital scenario innovation, intelligent manufacturing, and 5G factory construction, etc.
Formulate management plans and verification and reporting scheme for carbon emission, which has been fully incorporated in the internal control management system.
ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE CLIMATE GOVERNANCEThe Company is committed to fully integrating climate change into its strategic planning, corporate governance system, comprehensive risk management system, as well as its daily operation and management.
The Company attaches great importance to climate risks, and has fully incorporated climate risks in the formulation process of its overall development strategies.
The Company also closely follows national carbon peaking and carbon neutrality policy trends and makes timely adjusts of its development strategies and action plans.
Carbon related targets, such as energy conservation and environmental protection performance, have been integrated into the annual performance assessment for both the senior management and the subsidiaries as binding indicators that linked to annual performance bonuses.
Each year, the Company selects units, managers, and individuals with outstanding performance in energy conservation and environmental protection for recognition every year.
Units and individuals making exceptional contributions to energy conservation, emission reduction, and carbon reduction are recognised with special awards for energy conservation and environmental protection.
ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE Board of Directors 1 Strategy Committee Audit Committee Sustainability Committee Management Level Comprehensive Risk Management Implementation Leading Group2 Executive Body Department of Health, Safety, and Environmental ManagementDepartment of Enterprise Reform and Legal AffairsSubsidiaries3
039 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report Delegates from Sinopec Corp. participated in the 28th United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP28).
During the series of side events at the China Pavilion, the Company made keynote speeches featuring on New Progress in CCUS in China, Wind and Solar Hydrogen Storage, and Powering Urban Sustainable Development with Carbon Markets the Shanghai Experience, etc., showcasing the wisdom and contribution of Sinopec in addressing climate change challenges with the introductions of the achievements and technologies of its CCUS full-industrial chain demonstration project, experience in high-quality development of hydrogen energy, coordinated pollution reduction and carbon reduction methodology, and the green and low-carbon actions alongside its projects in the Belt and Road markets.
CLIMATE ACTION STRATEGIES 8 Eight Major Actions for Carbon Peaking Cooperation and Exchanges on Climate ChangeSinopec Corp. actively engages in external cooperation and exchanges to explore successful practices that may facilitate transformation of the petroleum and chemical industry towards achieving carbon neutrality goals.
In 2023, the Company co-hosted the Carbon Neutrality Economy Forum with Tsinghua University, organising in-depth discussions on topics such as energy transition, technological innovation, and mutually beneficial cooperation and exploring the path of transformation towards carbon peaking and carbon neutrality.
The Company also participated in a series of research projects, such as the Research on Major Issues of Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality of Key Industries initiated by Chinese Academy of Engineering and the Carbon Capture Technology Specification for Petrochemical Industry - Solvent and Process Category project initiated by Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, providing support for the formulation of relevant policies and standard systems.
Sinopec's Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality Strategic Road MapVigorously implementing the Green and Clean development strategy focusing on ecological priority, green transformation, and clean development, Sinopec Corp. is committed to following the path of green and low-carbon development with comprehensive efforts in promoting the transitioning from fossil energy to clean energy, scaling up clean energy development, and realising low-carbon production processes.
The Company has integrated considerations for climate change into its development strategy and production operation, and accelerated the pace to build up green and low-carbon competitiveness, striving to become a new champion of green, clean, and low-carbon development in the industry and making our shares of contribution to help the world better cope with global climate change challenges.
When formulating its overall development strategies and making major decisions, the Company attaches great importance to international conventions, such as the targets of Paris Agreement and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, as well as government policies related to climate change, such as the Working Guidance for Carbon Dioxide Peaking and Carbon Neutrality in Full and Faithful Implementation of the New Development Philosophy, and the Notice on Issuing the Action Plan for Carbon Peaking by 2030 by the State Council, conducting research and analysis, or initiating major research project when necessary, of the impacts and implications, sometimes in the form of key research topics, of the impacts and implications of these policies, so as to help the Company better grasp development opportunities and avoid potential risks.
The Company has issued the Management Measures for Carbon Emission Evaluation of Fixed Asset Investment Projects of Sinopec, requiring all investment projects to undergo economic evaluation of carbon emissions, with the evaluation results also incorporated into the decision-making process of the projects.
The Company has formulated policies such as the Guiding Opinions on Sinopec's Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality Action and the Action Plan for Carbon Peaking by 2030 of Sinopec, and initiated the Eight Major Actions for Carbon Peaking, including enhancing clean and low-carbon energy supply capacity, transformation and upgrading of refining and chemical industry structure, and promoting energy conservation and carbon and pollution, etc., vigorously and steadily marking on towards the realisation of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality targets.
The Company's Comprehensive Risk Management Executive Leadership Team is also responsible for identifying and evaluating climate change-related risks and opportunities, researching on relevant response measures, and reporting to the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee, and the Sustainability Committee.
Risk management departments at the Company headquarters prepare quarterly report on the management of major risk, which is submitted to the Board of Directors.
Transition Risks Policy and Legal RisksRisk Descriptions Risk Factors Increasingly frequent occurrence of extreme weather events such as typhoons, rainstorms, and floods cause risks such as damage to manufacturing facilities and transportation and supply chain disruptions, leading to decreased operating capacity, increased operating costs, and reduced profitability.
Extreme weather events may cause secondary disasters and production accidents, posing threats to both personal safety and ecological environment and causing economic losses, which increase the operational expenses of the Company.
Physical Risks Acute Risks Extreme fluctuations in climate patterns, long-term average temperature rise, and changes in rainfall may increase construction costs (such as due to extended construction period, early damage of equipment, etc.) as well as the insurance costs for equipment and personnel.
An increase in average temperature may increase operating costs, such as increased demand for equipment cooling water, and increased demand for cooling and heating of operating facilities.
Physical Risks Chronic Risks The concept of sustainable consumption is getting momentum.
Customers and consumers may increasingly prioritise products and services with green and low-carbon attributes.
If the Company fails to launch green products and services that meet market trends, it may face the risk of declining income.
Transition Risks Market Risks To keep up with the rapid development and updates in technology driven by the low-carbon economy transformation, the Company will need to continuously increase efforts and investment in R&D in energy conservation and emission reduction technologies and renewable energy to ensure the realisation of its carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals.
During the process, the Company will see higher operating costs with intensified investment in R&D and infrastructure.
Transition Risks Technology Risks Transition Risks Reputation RisksIn 2023, the Company closely followed the latest trends home and abroad and formulated the Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Plan Midterm Evaluation and 2023-2025 Rolling Plan based on a thorough study of sustainable development risks and opportunities such as climate change, including risks such as the possible constraints caused by the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality targets, and the development of new energy vehicles, as well as opportunities such as policy guidance from the Belt and Road initiative and the regional coordinated development initiatives, and energy transformation and industrial upgrading.
All these risks and opportunities have been incorporated into the Plan, ensuring the systematically coordination of various actions to address climate change challenges.
Countermeasures Carry out meteorological monitoring and strengthen extreme weather warnings, formulate scientific and effective disaster emergency plans, and intensify emergency drills.
CLIMATE RISK MANAGEMENT Under the background of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, the government is shifting the focus of the dual control mechanism from energy consumption to both the total amount and the intensity of carbon emissions.
More stringent laws and regulations are expected to be imposed to limit or reduce carbon emissions, creating compliance risks to high emission and high energy consumption industries.
Compliance with these policies may have a substantial impact on the capital expenditures, profits, and strategic growth of the Company.
The national carbon emission trading market was launched in 2021, with some company-owned power plants included in the emission control scope.
Subsequently, most subsidiaries will be included in the emission control list, which may increase the Company's carbon emission compliance costs accordingly.
Government continues to intensify the efforts to control methane emissions.
CBAM may affect steel, cement, aluminium, fertilisers, electricity, and hydrogen industries, as well as indirect carbon emissions under specific conditions and some downstream products.
If petrochemical industry or related products are added to the list of affected industries, the Company may face greater exporting costs.
Stakeholders, such as regulatory agencies, investors, ESG rating agencies, the general public, are showing increased concerns for the petrochemical industry's approach to climate change.
Lack of concrete actions may lead to criticism from stakeholders and reputation risks for the Company.
ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE
Sinopec Corp. initiated the Green Enterprise Campaign in 2018, setting the carbon reduction targets for 2023, including the cumulative reduction of carbon dioxide emissions of 12. 6 million tonnes, capturing 500, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide per year, storage of 300, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide per year, and the recovering and utilisation of 200 million cubic metres of methane per year.
As of the end of 2023, the Company had successfully achieved these targets, with 1. 749 million tonnes and 847, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide captured and storaged respectively, as well as 874 million cubic metres of methane recovered for reuse.
From 2018 to 2023, the Company has successfully achieved its emission targets and cumulatively reduced its carbon dioxide emissions by 23. 67 million tonnes.
The second phase of the Green Enterprise Campaign will be officially launched in 2024, with specific actions, indicators, and targets scheduled to be publicised after the launch.
METRICS AND TARGETS Emission Reduction Targets Total Emissions 2022 2023 Indicators 161. 79 137. 72 24. 07 20. 36 139. 82 1. 61 48. 76 253. 79 222. 32 11. 06 20. 41168. 64 142. 28 26. 36 20. 33 146. 70 1. 61 52. 50 250. 21 216. 55 14. 78 18. 88 Methane Recovery 874834 300600900 2023 2022GHGs emissions (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Of which Direct GHGs emissions Indirect GHGs emissions Of which Exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing and distribution segment GHGs emissions intensity (tonnes CO 2-equivalent RMB million) Methane emissions (million cubic metres) Of which Exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing and distribution segment Emission Reduction PerformanceThe Company actively carries out carbon audit, leveraging both internal audit and external verifications to ensure the accuracy of both the carbon emission data by subsidiaries and the carbon footprint data by products.
Each subsidiary is required to prepare a greenhouse gas emissions report for the previous year in accordance with the GHG audit and reporting technical specifications formulated by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, and submit the report to provincial ecological environment authorities where they operate.
In accordance with the Specification and Guidelines for the Reporting and Verification of Greenhouse Gas Emissions (ISO14064-3 2019), the Company reviewed the 2023 carbon emissions reports submitted by its subsidiaries, and carried out on-site verification of some of the subsidiaries.
Some subsidiaries, in accordance with national and local government requirements, received third-party verification to verify and confirm carbon emissions data.
The initial work had generated a general methodology for the calculation of carbon footprints of petrochemical products.
In 2023, the Company initiated the design work of the IT module for product carbon footprint accounting, and selected six subsidiaries as pilots.
As of the end of 2023, the Company had completed the research and auditing of the carbon footprints of 26 products from 40 subsidiaries.
Sinopec Corp. places a strong emphasis on monitoring and controlling GHG emissions, and regularly assesses the carbon emissions of each subsidiary and establishes a scientific carbon asset management system.
Carbon Emission Monitoring and Management Product Carbon FootprintCarbon Emission Reduction Policies and Systems Measures for the Administration of Carbon Emissions Trading (for Trial Implementation) Measures for the Management of Lawfully Disclosing Enterprise Environmental Information Management Measures for Voluntary Emission Reduction Trading of Greenhouse Gases (for Trial Implementation)Carbon-related laws and regulations Unit Million cubic metresCO 2 Capture 1, 5341, 749 5001, 0001, 500 2023 2022Unit Thousand tonnesYear-on-year Change 14 Year-on-year Change 4. 8 Note 1 Note 2 The Company conducts GHGs emission (direct and indirect) accounting and verification according to ISO14064-1 2006 standards, covering six gases including carbon dioxide (CO 2), methane (CH 4), nitrous oxide (N 2O), hydro fluoro carbons (HFCs), per fluorinated compounds (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF 6).
GHGs emissions increased slightly in 2023 due to production growth and asset acquisitions.
ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 044 043 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report
045 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 046 In accordance with the laws and regulations such as the Energy Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for the Management of Energy Conservation in Key Energy- Consuming Units, the Measures for the Energy Conservation Examination of Fixed Asset Investment Projects, and the Measures for the Management of Industrial Energy Conservation, the Company has formulated a series of management systems such as the Energy Conservation Management Measures of Sinopec and the Energy Conservation Examination and Management Measures of Fixed Asset Investment Projects of Sinopec, strengthened energy management responsibilities, vigorously implemented the Energy Efficiency Improvement Plan, conducted energy efficiency benchmarking activities, and continuously improved energy conservation and consumption reduction levels.
The comprehensive energy consumption per RMB 10, 000 of production output of the Company (calculated with the comparable price in 2020) decreased by 2. 64.
Energy Conservation 497 Number of Energy Efficiency Improvement Projects-2. 64 Year-on-year change Comprehensive energy consumption per RMB 10, 000 of production output 860 Thousand tonnes of standard coal Energy saved by Energy Efficiency Improvement Projects 2183 200RMB million Thousand tonnes of standard coalThousand tonnes of standard coal Thousand tonnesInvestments in energy conservation operations Expected annual energy savingEnergy saved per year Carbon emission reduction110 Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. focused on optimising steam, air separation, nitrogen, oxygen, gas, hydrogen, and water systems of Zhenhai Petrochemical Base.
The company also further reduced energy consumption to achieving shared material supplies across enterprises or device and the tiered utilisation of energy through system integration, resource sharing, and technological applications.
Since 2021, the company has invested a total of RMB2. 94 billion, and completed and put into operation 20 energy-saving projects, saving 83 thousand tonnes of standard coal per year, which is the equivalent of 200 thousand tonnes of carbon reduction.
In addition, the company managed to establish an energy management information system (SMES) focusing on becoming an energy efficient smart factory.
With functions including energy operation, energy statistics, energy optimisation, energy monitoring, and evaluation and analysis, the system was able to achieve the goal of realising understandable, manageable, and reducible management of energy consumption.
The company optimised energy management, carried out energy-saving technology transformation and process optimisation, and continuously invest in energy conservation transformation projects.
In 2023, a total of over RMB110 million was invested in energy conservation operations, which were expected to realise an annual energy saving equivalent to 21 thousand tonnes of standard coal.
As a frequent record breaker of the energy efficiency records of the crude oil processing industry, the company also has topped the list of Energy Efficiency Front-runner Enterprises in China's crude oil processing industry selected by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation for eleven consecutive years.
In 2023, the unit energy factor consumption for refinery of the Company was further brought down to an unprecedented 6. 31 kgoe (t Eff).
Conducted energy efficiency benchmarkingImproving energy measuring and monitoring capabilitiesCarried out special improvement actions in energy measurement instrument and operation management, energy data collection and utilisation, and energy measurement management.
Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Hainan Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. ZTHC EnergyADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE
047 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 048 Oilfield Subsidiaries Utilised wind and solar energy in facilities following the two goals of low-carbon energy for production and increase consumption of clean energy, and continued to enhance low- carbon development capabilities of the subsidiaries.
Refining and Chemical SubsidiariesMarketing Subsidiaries132 Million kWh Solar photovoltaic power generated in 2023Solar photovoltaic power generation200 Year-on-year change 667 Thousand tonnes Carbon dioxide captured by Qilu Petrochemical 472 Thousand tonnes Carbon dioxide injected for oil displacement by Shengli Oilfield109 Kilometres Length of the carbon dioxide transportation pipelineThe Company actively promotes the utilisation of clean energy in production process, and continuously improved the energy efficiency with strictly manage the coal consumption for power generation.
New Energy Utilisation 501001501, 749 20231, 534 2022CO 2 Capture Unit Thousand tonnesYear-on-year Change 14 The Company attaches great importance to the research and industrial application of CCUS technologies, and has intensified R&D investment, accelerated the construction of key project, and actively promoted the full-industrial chain application of CCUS technologies.
To date, the Company has developed the full industrial chain, including technology development, engineering design, equipment manufacturing, and engineering construction, capabilities for CCUS, and has successfully built the first million-tonne CCUS demonstration project and the first hundred-kilometre long-distance carbon dioxide pipeline in China, demonstrating its capabilities regarding the construction of full industrial chain, large-scale, and vertically integrated CCUS projects.
In 2023, the Company initiated the research on China's first ten-million-tonne open-mode CCS CCUS project in Eastern China in collaboration with a number of peer companies.
In June 2023, the million-tonne CCUS demonstration project received CSLF certification at the Global Carbon Capture and Storage Leaders Forum in Warsaw, Poland, marking that Sinopec's CCUS technology has reached international standards, which gives the Company the endorsement to undertake CCUS projects globally.
Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage (CCUS) On 11 July 2023, China's first high-pressure ambient temperature dense-phase carbon dioxide transportation pipeline project started operation.
This 109-kilometre pipeline proudly demonstrate Sinopec's successful achievement in building this million-tonne demonstration base, which has filled China's gap in full industrial chain, large-scale CCUS technologies.
The new pipeline could reduce carbon dioxide emissions by about 5 compared to the previous transportation method, which is a milestone achievement in promoting the develop of full industrial chain, large-scale CCUS technologies in China, as well as an inspiring example for similar projects in the future.
In 2023, Qilu Petrochemical captured 667 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide, and Shengli Oilfield injected 472 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide for oil displacement with increasingly effective oil displacement effect.
CASEThe Qilu Petrochemical- Shengli Oilfield Million- tonne CCUS Project Started OperatingADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE
049 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 050 Million cubic metresSinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the control and management of methane emissions, and specifies relevant requirements in a number of company policies, including the Sinopec Carbon Emission Management, the Sinopec Carbon Emission Evaluation Management Measures for Fixed Asset Investment Projects, and the 2030 Carbon Peaking Action Plan of Sinopec.
Sinopec's methane emission reduction target By 2025, reduce methane emission intensity by 50 compared to 2020.
The Company actively conducts methane leakage monitoring and data analysis, and vigorously implements methane emission reduction measures.
The Company has achieved significant results in reducing methane emissions with a variety of measures, including improving the closed-loop mixed transportation process, vigorously implementing casing gas recovery, promoting the comprehensive utilisation of flare gas, improving recovery measures of remote and scattered wells, and the recovery of vented natural gas.
In 2023, approximately 874 million cubic metres of methane gas was recovered, an increase of 4. 8 year-on-year, which was the equivalent to a GHG emission reduction of approximately 13 million tonnes of carbon dioxide.
Sinopec Corp. actively participated in the national carbon emission trading market, formulated and implemented the Sinopec Carbon Trading Administration Measures, established a dedicated carbon trading team, and standardised the fulfilment of carbon quotas.
The Company developed well-designed carbon trading plans, and made comprehensive arrangement based on carbon quota surpluses and shortages of its subsidiaries, and ensured that all its subsidiaries fulfilled their carbon quotas on schedule with centralised carbon trading management.
During the carbon trading process, the Company actively used methods such as CCER offsetting to better fulfil carbon obligations and effectively reduce the cost of carbon compliance.
In 2023, the Company actively participated in pilot projects and national carbon trading, and all of its subsidiaries fulfilled their required quota, with an annual carbon trading volume of 8. 185 million tonnes.
Shengli Oilfield implements a methane emission management system that placing charges on emission.
The system has a white list of methane emission control points, including wellheads, individual well storage tanks, and oil unloading points, as well as the relevant operational requirements.
For emission control points not on the white list, such as oilfield extraction, storage, and treatment processes, a fee will be charged monthly and settled quarterly.
This measure has provided an effective driver for ensuring stronger management and control of methane emissions.
It strengthens the recycling and utilisation of resources in oil and gas extraction, transformation, storage, and other processes.
All oil and gas subsidiaries are required to file a monthly management plan and progress monthly regarding control points not included in the white list.
Shengli Oilfield then conducts on-site monitoring and verification based on the reported information.
Control points meeting operational and emission requirements will be delisted from the whitelist, while those failed will face rectification.
Control pints already on the white list are subject to random testing, and those fail to meet emission requirements will be treated as a non-white list control point, incurring a cost on due to the charges.
In 2023, the oil and gas field subsidiaries treated a total of 545 emission points, reducing a total of 4. 3 million cubic metres of methane emissions, a year-on-year reduction of over 15. 874834 300600900 2023 2022 250 254 100200300 2023 2022217222 15 1119 20 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 4. 3 Methane emissions reduced in 2023 Year-on-year reduction545 Number of emission points treated in 2023 15 Participating in Afforestation And Greening Activities, and Ecological Protection in the Yangtze River and Yellow River Basins Organise Tree Planting Volunteer Activities428, 700 Square metres Area of river bank greened4, 780 Hectare Area of desert land reclaimed4 Million Number of drought- resistant plants planted 1, 905 Mu Area of afforestation17. 3 Kilometres Length of forest roads built7. 6 RMB million Amount of money raisedMethane Emission ControlStrengthening Carbon Assets Management The Company has formulated the Greening Management Regulations of Sinopec, and implemented a variety of green actions, making continuous efforts to promote enterprise greening management, so as to increase forest carbon sequestration and enhance ecosystem carbon sinks.
In 2023, the green coverage rate of existing facilities reached 32. 93, and a total of 2. 019 million trees were planted by employee volunteers, an increase of 9. 9 year-on-year, which is equivalent to the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions by 242, 300 tonnes.
As of the end of 2023, a total of 450, 200 person-time had participated in campaign activities and raised a total of RMB18. 257 million.
Forest Carbon Sink CASEShengli Oilfield Intensifying Methane Emissions ControlMethane Recovery Methane Emissions Exploration and Production SegmentRefining and Chemicals SegmentMarketing and Distribution Segment Unit Million cubic metresUnit Million cubic metresYear-on-year Change 4. 8 Year-on-year Change -1. 6 Year-on-year Change -2. 3 Year-on-year Change 36. 4 Year-on-year Change -5. 0 Sinopec subsidiaries located in the Yangtze River basins have been carrying out activities such as Creating the Most Beautiful Yangtze River Bank and Protecting the Mother River for consecutive years, greening a total of 428, 700 square metres of river banks cumulatively.
Restored 8, 715 hectares of vegetation in decommissioned oil field, with over 4 million drought- resistant plants planted.
Sinopec Corp. and China Greening Foundation jointly launched the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest project.
In 2023, the project was successfully completed, with a total of 1, 905 mu afforested, 264, 000 trees planted, 17. 3 kilometres of forest roads built, and 20. 1 kilometres of fences erected.
On the Arbor Day of 2023, the Company initiated the Planting A Tree on the Snowy Plateau project online, providing support to the greening project of the North and South Mountains in Lhasa, Xizang Autonomous Region.
As of the end of 2023, the project had helped raise more than RMB7. 6 million from 172, 000 donors, and supported the construction of 402 mu of public welfare forest land.
ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE
051 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 052 The Green and Clean Energy StrategyHydrogen Energy Natural Gas 8. 83 Billion cubic metres Natural gas capacity increased281. 7 Billion cubic metres Natural gas geological reserves increased 37. 8 Billion cubic metres Domestic natural gas production in 20232022 2023 Year-on-year change Indicators 353 44378 467. 1 Increase of 2 percentage pointsDomestic natural gas production (100 million cubic metres) Proportion of natural gas in domestic oil and gas equivalent ( )The development of hydrogen energy is one of the essential paths to achieve the transformation of global energy structure to cleaner and low-carbon models.
With its extensive industry experience and competitive advantages in the hydrogen energy sector, Sinopec Corp. is strategically positioned to capitalise on the major opportunities for the development of hydrogen energy.
The Company is accelerating the development of hydrogen energy as a core business of its new energy portfolio, with a particular focus on the utilisation of clean transportation energy and green refining hydrogen energy, and strives to build China's No. 1 hydrogen energy company with leading technologies and first-class management.
The Company focused on the development of hydrogen energy supply centre for full cell in accordance with needs of hydrogen refuelling stations in the 3 2 hydrogen fuel cell demonstration city cluster.
As of the end of 2023, there were eleven hydrogen supply centres for fuel cells been built cumulatively, with a capacity of 29 thousand normal cubic metres hour.
Annual production of high-purity hydrogen for vehicle use reached 2. 112 thousand tonnes, an increase of 25 year-on-year.
of the hydrogen used by refineries is blue hydrogen or produced with non-fossil energy, and help Sinopec Corp. achieve its carbon neutrality target with high quality through green hydrogen refining.
Sinopec's 2050 Hydrogen Energy Vision Progress and Achievements of Hydrogen Energy Business in 2023 Hydrogen Energy Supply Hydrogen Refuelling Station Development Hydrogen Energy Industry StandardsHydrogen Energy Mobility Green Hydrogen RefiningAdhering to the green and clean development strategy, Sinopec Corp. actively promotes energy transition and development, and is committed to constructing a clean and low-carbon modern energy supply system, and a safe and efficient system that integrating production, supply, storage, and marketing, so as to continuously provides society with clean, diverse, and safe energy supply.
The Company has formulated a series of policy documents, such as the Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Development Plan - New Energy Sub-report, the Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Hydrogen Energy Development Plan, the Sinopec's Oil and Gas Exploration and Development and New Energy Integration Development Implementation Plan (2023-2025), the Sinopec's Upstream Enterprises New Energy Business 14th Five-Year and Medium- to Long- Term Development Plan Outline, and the Sinopec Marketing Enterprises Photovoltaic Power Generation High-Quality Development Three-Year Action Plan, to ensure clear directions, specific goals for the Company's systematic and efficient development in renewable energy, promoting the orderly and efficient development of business in the field of new energy.
As a fossil energy with low carbon emission intensity, natural gas plays a key role in the process of energy transition towards green and low-carbon development.
The Company actively promotes the large-scale development of natural gas, making continuous efforts to expand exploration and production of natural gas, accelerate the construction of the natural gas production-supply-storage-sales system, aiming at further enhancing the natural gas supply capacity of the Company.
Production in Shunbei II area and Chuanxihai fields underwent a period of scaling up.
In 2023, the Company increased its natural gas capacity by a total of 8. 83 billion cubic metres, an increase of 1. 31 billion cubic metres year-on-year.
And its annual natural gas production reached 37. 8 billion cubic metres, an increase of 2. 5 billion cubic meters year-on-year.
PROMOTING ENERGY TRANSITION Relying on Sinopec's existing nationwide sales network of over 30, 000 gas stations, and following the principles of national layout, market demand, profitability, and strategic synergy, the Company has virtually completed the development of three hydrogen energy mobility corridors the Chengdu-Chongqing-Wanzhou corridor, the Beijing-Tianjin-Tangshan corridor, and the Shanghai-Jiaxing-Ningbo corridor.
Developed three enterprise standards, such as the Technical Specifications for Hydrogen Pipeline Engineering, and participated in the formulation of nine group standards.
ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE 128 Number of hydrogen refuelling stations in total3, 472 Tonnes Hydrogen to refuelling customers in 202329 Thousand normal cubic metres hour Cumulative hydrogen supply capacity2. 112 Thousand tonnes Production of high-purity hydrogen for vehicle use in 2023
053 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 054 Cooperate closely with industry leaders to accelerate the offering of charging services, adding fast charging, super charging and other equipment at facilities at existing refuelling stations, to help EV owners with more charging options.
In 2023, the Company formulated the Three-Year Action Plan for High-quality Development of Sinopec Marketing Enterprise Charging Business.
As of the end 2023, the Company had built a total of 6, 504 charging and swapping stations (including 163 battery swapping stations) and 51, 000 EV charging terminals, achieving full coverage in 370 major cities nationwide.
The Company actively explores new energy vehicle related businesses relying on its own advantages, rolling out a variety of service facilities and businesses such as hydrogen refuelling stations, battery charging and swapping stations, distributed photovoltaics, and lightweight new energy vehicles.
The Company is fully committed to promoting the development of the EV charging business, and has developed a rich and diverse range of charging application scenarios according to local conditions.
Number of charging and swapping stations built in total3, 909 Number of charging and swapping stations built in 2023 In November 2023, Sinopec's first super EV charging and swapping station - Anhui Sinopec Hefei Volkswagen Station was officially launched.
In the charging and swapping area, the station is equipped with 142 charging terminals with a total charging power of 8, 505 kilowatts, including 125 fast charging terminals, 2 liquid-cooled ultra-fast charging terminals, 15 slow charging terminals, and 1 swapping station.
In the photovoltaic area, the photovoltaic roof can generate about 220, 000 kWh each year, with an annual carbon reduction impact of 219 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions equivalent.
In the energy storage area, the station is equipped with 645 kWh energy storage device, which not only stabilise the green power generated by photovoltaics, but also can used to store off- peak and flat electricity.
Lightweight Materials for Automobiles Special Materials for Power Battery Separators 30. 5 Thousand tonnes Production of the lithium battery separator material New Energy Vehicle-Related Businesses Accelerating the layout of charging and swapping business Accelerating the Construction of Battery Charging and Swapping Stations Exploring Charging Application ScenariosIn Jiangsu, accelerated the development of charging stations at the township level, conecting the last mile of logistics and distribution of agricultural products and the green mobility of urban and rural residents.
The Company has explored the solutions for a variety of different types of charging scenarios, including public fast charging scenario, destination charging scenario, public transportation scenario, logistics scenario, county-level scenario, etc., and actively exploring scenarios for commercial vehicles, such as the short-distance scenarios for ports, docks, mines, steel plants, and power plants, and long-distance transportation scenario.
CASESinopec's First Super EV Charging and Swapping Station Officially Started Operating Sinopec Corp. actively initiated industry-academia-research collaborations on innovative lightweight materials for automobile manufacturing.
Efforts were also made to deepen the research on the application of high-performance polymer materials for automotive parts with attributes such as scratch resistance, low emissions, and long service life bearing with them a new direction of safety, health, and environmental protection throughout the entire service and life cycle of automotive materials.
In addition, the Company also continued to participate in standard setting and revision, application promotion, industrial demonstration, and long-term planning, etc.
The Company fully leverages its R&D advantages in the field of synthetic resins and rubber to develop a variety of lightweight products for new energy vehicles.
Synthetic resin Continuously optimised the performance of foamed polypropylene material and promoted its application in auto parts, with an annual output of 36, 000 tonnes, an increase of 5, 000 tonnes year-on-year.
The new materials can be used in auto parts to reduce weight as well as create more comfortable driving experience.
Synthetic rubber Continued the development of industrial technologies regarding the automotive lightweight thermoplastic elastomer (TPV) products, and completed the trial production of three products with the key attribute compression set performance reaching international leading levels.
And the original TPV product has already been trial used by downstream manufacturers.
The Company actively conducts research and promotion of various polyolefin materials for power battery separators, and had already developed a lithium battery separator material with outstanding performance, which was produced 30. 5 thousand tonnes in 2023, an increase of 23 year-on-year.
Research and Development of New Energy Vehicle MaterialsADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE
2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 056 055 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report Sinopec Corp. actively coordinates factors such as raw materials, market, technology, and profitability, and steadily promotes the integrated development of new energy and traditional refining business.
The bio-based transformer oil passed third- party testing in compliance with the requirements of GB T 2536-2011 I-40 standards for transformer oil, and the biodiesel product met the requirements of EU's second-generation biodiesel standard EN15940 2019 A. Sinopec Corp. actively promotes the development of green aviation logistics, and has independently developed sustainable bio-jet fuel product, and strove to promote the commercial-scale production of the product leveraging its industry impact as the owner of China's first bio-jet fuel industrial device.
Several airlines have already conducted piloted commercial flights using the product, achieving a major breakthrough in the commercialisation of bio-jet fuel.
The Company actively promotes the establishment of a bio-jet fuel industrial chain, and has engaged in a series of communication and discussions with potential customers of the product to explore possibilities in developing relevant airport refuelling facilities and setting up of flight routes accordingly.
Bio-jet Fuel Development of Bio-based Oil Products The Asian Games Flight powered by Sinopec's bio-jet fuel made its maiden flight successfully Biomass EnergyIn 2020, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company completed the construction of China's first bio- jet fuel production facility with a production capacity of 100, 000 tonnes year.
In May 2022, the facility started trial scaled production using kitchen waste grease.
The trial production lasted for one month and successfully processed 1, 623. 08 tonnes of waste grease into 605. 56 tonnes of bio-jet fuel, reaching three milestones for the project from manufacturing base to commercial flights, from passenger planes to cargo planes, and from domestic routes to international routes.
On 14 December 2023, the production device started its second trial production, which was scheduled to produce 2, 400 tonnes of bio-jet fuel in 40 days.
Sinopec Corp. thus became the first Asian company to have its full range of bio- jet fuel products certified by the global RSB series.
CASEBio-Jet Fuel Device Received Global RSB CertificationsADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Environmental Protection Guidelines and Goals Environmental Management System Environmental Risk Management Environmental Impact Management Control of Atmospheric Pollutants Solid Waste Management Water Resources Management Prevention of Hydrocarbon Leaks Land Resource Management Biodiversity Conservation059 061 063 065 067 069 071 072 0730602023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 058 057 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report
059 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 060 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION GUIDELINES AND GOALS Environmental Protection Goals of SinopecAn industry leader in pollution controlContinuous reduction of pollutant emissionsNo occurrence of major and above environmental incidentsPROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Sinopec Corp. carries out environmental management work under the guidance of the HSE management system.
All subsidiaries also formulated their own version of the HSE management system manuals based on their own production and operation characteristics to better regulate their environmental protection efforts.
In addition, an HSE management system audit team has also been established to conduct regular reviews of the system documents of subsidiaries.
In 2023, all subsidiaries carried out internal audits of the HSE management system with identified problem rectified, and independently carried out third-party certification in accordance with the requirements of local and upstream and downstream partners.
A total of 28 subsidiaries of the Company have obtained the certification of the ISO14000 environmental management system.
In 2023, the Company organised a series of environmental protection training sessions, such as a training session for environmental manager focusing on national ecological civilisation construction policies and requirements, as well as themed trainings for environmental management personnel on key tasks such as environmental management of construction projects and pollution discharge permit management.
The Company also systematically carries out the revision of environmental management policies and standards, continuously optimising the HSE management system.
Two policies were revised in 2023, the Sinopec Environmental Monitoring Management Measures, and the Sinopec Radiation Management Measures.
In 2018, Sinopec Corp. launched the Green Enterprise Campaign and the five-year plan for the first phase of the programme, which ended in 2023.
The Company further optimised the green enterprise evaluation system and revised and issued the Green Enterprise Review Evaluation Guidelines (2023 Edition) focusing on the goal of increasing the value of green enterprises and the bottom line of ensuring full-process compliance.
The Company conducted on-site services for key subsidiaries, and guided and urged all subsidiaries to intensify the green management at the grassroots level with online spot checks and other measures.
A total of 113 subsidiaries were audited for green enterprise performance and required to rectify the gaps found and make continuously improvements.
The second phase of the Green Enterprise Campaign will fully start in 2024, with specific implementation plans still in formulation.
In 2023, four subsidiaries including Sinopec Lubricant Oil Beijing Company were awarded the title of Green Factory by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and five subsidiaries including North China Oil and Gas were awarded the title of Green Factory by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation.
All oilfield, refining, marketing, and research subsidiaries have completed the construction of green enterprises, and the goals set around clean energy, green products, resource and energy utilisation, pollutant emissions, greenhouse gas emissions, etc.
Measures proposed in the six aspects of green development, green energy, green production, green services, green technology, and green culture have been implemented out as planned.
ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM Achievements of the first phase of the Green Enterprise CampaignPROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Sinopec Corp. vigorously implements the strategy of green and clean development, integrating the requirements of ecological environment protection into various aspects of corporate production and operation.
The Company strictly complies with relevant environmental protection laws and regulations, establishes and continuously improves the environmental protection policies and systems, actively carries out environmental impact and risk management, applies high standards of environmental pollution prevention and ecological environment protection, and continuously improves the quality of green development.
The Company strictly complies with the national and local laws, regulations, and government requirements on environmental protection, including the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Soil Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, etc., and continuously tracks their updates, which will be timely incorporated into corporate management systems and policies.
The Company also conducts awareness raising, training, supervision, inspection and other means to promote the subsidiaries to fully implement the requirements accordingly.
The Company has formulated and continuously improves environmental management policies, covering the entire process management of production and operation from design, construction, operation, decommission, the qualification management of suppliers, service providers, and contractors, as well as due diligence for joint ventures, cooperation, and mergers and acquisitions, striving to fully integrate the requirements of ecological environment protection into various aspects of production and operation of the Company.
The Board of Directors is the highest authority and decision-making body for ESG related issues, bearing ultimate responsibility for all ESG related issues including environmental management.
The Sinopec HSE (Health, Safety, and Environment) Committee is the decision-making body for the Company's ecological environment protection policies, with the Health, Safety, and Environment Management Department, under the HSE Committee, responsible for centralised supervision and management of the Company's ecological and environmental protection.
System Guarantee1 Policy Guarantee2 Action Guarantee3
061 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 062 Environmental Risk Response Measures Comprehensive Full-Process Supervision of Water Pollution Risks Environmental Emergency Response CapabilitiesEnvironmental Risk Control and Hazard Governance Organised a company-wide ecological environment protection conference to specify annual key work tasks and target indicators for environmental risk prevention and control, and required all subsidiaries to sign energy and environmental responsibility agreements.
Organised subsidiaries in various segments to carry out environmental risk quantification assessment, conduct professional training on environmental risk control, implement graded control of environmental risk sources, and promote the robust and in-depth implementation of environmental risk control.
For identified environmental risk sources at all levels, the Company has established an evaluation mechanism that subsidiaries submit, business units review and approve, and headquarters confirm.
For identified significant-level and above environmental risk sources and major environmental risk hazards, the Company establishes relevant annual environmental risk control targets, indicators, and work tasks, and implements a hierarchical control mechanism at company, subsidiary, and grassroots levels respectively, with the headquarters regularly supervising and inspecting subsidiaries regarding their environmental risks and emergency management.
In 2023, the Company identified three main ecological and environmental protection risks substandard emissions, the occurrence of major and above sudden environmental incidents, and environmental violations in construction projects.
The goals for each subsidiary in 2023 was the consistent compliance with wastewater and air emissions standards, including a 100 compliance rate for wastewater discharge, over 99. 5 compliance rate for air emissions, 100 compliance rate for environmental regulations in new construction projects, as well as no occurrence of major and above sudden environmental incidents.
Construction can only start on the premise that the ecological environment impact assessment results are acceptable and the environmental impact assessment approval is obtained.
The Company conducts environmental impact assessment for construction projects in accordance with relevant procedures and strictly implements the recommendations issued by the environmental impact assessment.
Environmental Impact Management Processes and Mechanisms 24 Number of oil fields and refining and chemical subsidiaries completing special inspections on the ecological environment Environmental impact assessment is carried out simultaneously during the feasibility study stage.
During the basic design stage, the requirements of the environmental impact assessment report and approval opinions are strictly implemented, and the project environmental impact assessment approval is regarded as a prerequisite for project basic design approval and commencement report.
During the project implementation process, the Company timely conducts a review and analysis of significant environmental changes in construction projects.
If the project is determined to have significant environmental changes after analysis, it is necessary to reapply for environmental impact assessment approval.
Construction and Operation of Environmental Protection Facilities Environmental Technology Development and Environmental Investment Environmental Impact Assessment and Response Basic Design StageFeasibility Study Stage Project Implementation Process Project CompletionENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT MANAGEMENT Environmental impact management policies and systemsThe Company issued policies such as the Sinopec Ecological Protection Management Measures and the Sinopec Construction Project Environmental Protection Management Measures, requiring all subsidiaries to strengthen environmental and natural resource protection in the process of project construction and production operation, strictly implement national and local government environmental protection and natural resource protection laws, regulations, and standards, and take active measures to protect the environment and natural resource.
The Sinopec Ecological Protection Management Measures explicitly prohibits the construction of projects included in the national negative list in ecological sensitive areas such as drinking water source protection areas, nature reserves, and marine special protection areas, and requires existing projects to be shut down as required.
In 2023, a number of key projects of the Company, such as the Ethylene Quality Improvement Project of Maoming Branch Company and the supporting refining project for the Integrated 1-million-tonne year Ethylene Refining and Petrochemical Project in Yueyang area, obtained environmental impact assessment approvals.
as required, conducts regular environmental hazard inspections according to the production facilities and their pollution discharge situations, promptly rectifies any problems found, and ensures reliable operation of pollution control facilities through daily operation and maintenance management, to ensure that pollutant emissions and disposal meet the requirements of the national and local governments.
Sinopec Corp. vigorously promotes the development of environmental protection technology, and is committed to continuously improving the Company's environmental management and ecological environment protection capabilities through technological innovation and research on core technologies.
The Company has developed a technology system that integrates source control, process interruption, and in-situ remediation for soil pollution prevention and control in the Yangtze River Economic Belt.
The engineering demonstration covers nearly 50, 000 square metres, with a utilisation rate of 100.
It was the first time to achieve large-scale production and control on-site in a petrochemical plant in operation, providing technical support for the sustainable development of petrochemical enterprises along the Yangtze River.
In 2023, the Company's total environmental protection investment reached RMB22. 61 billion, including RMB3. 45 billion in environmental protection capital investment and RMB19. 16 billion in environmental protection expenditure, achieving cost savings of RMB3. 47 billion.
Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to environmental impact management, and regularly organises ecological environment inspection expert teams to conduct special ecological environmental inspections on key subsidiaries.
Key subsidiaries have established a safety and environmental protection inspection mechanism, setting up a full-time and part-time safety and environmental protection inspection team to conduct safety and environmental protection inspections on grassroots units throughout the year.
In 2023, the ecological environment inspection expert team completed special inspections on the ecological environment of 24 oil fields and refining and chemical subsidiaries.
The identified ecological environment protection issues were reported through the Company's information system for attention and rectification.
An analysis report on the monitoring results of these HSE management system element indicators is prepared monthly, and abnormal indicators will be traced, analysed, and rectified.
In 2023, the overall trend of 12 environmental protection monitoring indicators is positive, demonstrating that the ecological environment protection of the Company is steadily making progress.
In 2023, the Company prioritises environmental protection in audit supervision, organising its subsidiaries to conduct special audits on environmental investment management, focusing on the compliance, necessity, adequacy, and effectiveness of environmental investment, aiming to further enhance the effectiveness of environmental risk management.
The Company has issued the energy and environmental responsibility commitment to all subsidiaries, which outlines emission reduction goals and control tasks and includes them in the annual evaluation process.
The main air pollutants generated in the production and operation process of the Company include sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, particulate matter, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), etc.
The emission quantity, concentration, and destination are all specified in the pollution discharge permit execution reports and environmental information disclosure of each subsidiary.
In addition, the Company has conducted research on the operation of gas vapour recovery systems at refuelling stations, conducted systematic analysis from process flow, equipment selection, daily maintenance, etc., proposed key technical indicators for refuelling equipment procurement, formulated operation and maintenance management measures for gas vapour recovery, and guided subsidiaries to strengthen the management of refuelling equipment procurement and gas vapour recovery operation and maintenance.
Initial results of the trial launch of information platform Hazardous waste identification accuracy Unknown solid waste identification rate Safety risk assessment rate of environmental facilities related to hazardous waste Full life cycle environmental supervision and compliance rate for hazardous waste Compliance rate of environmental facilities related to hazardous wasteKey Performance 2023 Indicators 1, 796. 4 0. 56 13, 967. 3 1, 912. 2 1, 796. 4 464. 8 0. 14 1, 009 675. 0 464. 8Hazardous Waste General Industrial Solid Waste Construction Waste Domestic WasteDisposal Method Waste Classification NON-HAZARDOUS WASTE Solid waste (thousand tonnes) Solid waste intensity (tonne RMB million) Solid waste recycled reused (thousand tonnes) Solid waste disposed (thousand tonnes) Amount disposed by third-parties (thousand tonnes) HAZARDOUS WASTE Hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste intensity (tonne RMB million) Hazardous waste recycled reused (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste disposed (thousand tonnes) Amount disposed by third-parties (thousand tonnes)SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENTSinopec Corp. strictly implements national and local laws and regulations related to solid waste pollution prevention and control, the National List of Hazardous Waste, the Pollution Control Standards for Hazardous Waste Storage, and other relevant standards and requirements for solid waste management and control.
The Company has successively formulated the Sinopec Hazardous Waste Environmental Management Guidelines (Trial), the General Industrial Solid Waste and Garbage Environmental Protection Management Guidelines (Trial), and the Sinopec Hazardous Waste List (2021 Edition), specifying the requirements for solid waste pollution prevention and control management, and incorporating strictly prohibit the illegal disposal of hazardous waste into the Company's five major ecological and environmental protection prohibitions.
The Company has formulated the General Industrial Solid Waste Classification Reference List for Inspection, Maintenance, and Major Modification of Refining and Chemical Enterprises and the Construction Waste Classification Reference List for Inspection, Maintenance, and Major Modification of Refining and Chemical Enterprises, further optimising the identification and classification storage management level of solid waste such as hazardous waste at the source.
The Company has also formulated the Sinopec Special Action Plan for Resource Conservation and Efficient Utilisation, actively promoting total resource management, scientific allocation, comprehensive conservation, and recycling, so as to accelerate the fundamental transformation of resource utilisation methods, and continuously improve the conservation and efficient utilisation of resource.
In 2023, the Company further optimised and refined the Evaluation Indicators for Zero-Waste Enterprises in accordance with the actual situation.
The subsidiaries strengthened the reduction of various solid wastes by implementing clean production audits, green procurement, green packaging systems, enhancing process green transformation, and implementing measures such as sludge drying technology.
Shengli Oilfield optimised the internal market-oriented operation mechanism, promoted secondary units to control waste and reduce costs, and reported a reduction of over 20, 000 tonnes of oil sludge within the year, saving approximately RMB50 million in transportation and disposal expenses.
The Company actively promotes the utilisation of bulk industrial solid waste, focusing on solid waste with low utilisation rates such as gasification slag, waste insulation cotton, and miscellaneous salts.
The Company also sets clear goals and key tasks and continuously conducts research on ways to make hazardous waste harmless, and intensifies the research on the recycling of precious metals in waste catalysts and non-ferrous metals.
The Company has developed an information platform, which has been launched and tested in 12 subsidiaries, to achieve full process online management and risk warning of hazardous waste.
The revenue generated per unit of hazardous waste decreased by 6. 5 year-on-year, achieving the emission reduction target.
CASENew Progress in FFS Heavy Film Packaging Bag Thinning Note 2PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT
069 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 070 Efficient Use of Water Resources Water Efficiency Front-runners of Sinopec Subsidiaries 6. 3 Million cubic metres Amount of water saving in 2023Wastewater Treatment COD 2, 0004, 0006, 000 4, 550 20234, 755 2022 Ammonia and Nitrogen 255075 71 202375 2022 Unit Tonnes Unit TonnesYear-on-year Change -4 Year-on-year Change -5 CASEZhenhai Refining & Chemical Saved Water with Multiple Measures CASEJiujiang Petrochemical Water Treatment Plant Achieved Zero Discharge WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT Sinopec Corp. has formulated policies such as the Sinopec Water Conservation Management Measures, the Sinopec's Guidance on Water Conservation Work in the 14th Five-Year Plan, and the Sinopec's Detailed Rules for Energy and Environmental Source Control of Construction Projects (Refining and Chemicals Segment) in accordance with the requirements of relevant national laws and regulations such as the Water Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Groundwater Management, the Regulations on Water Withdrawal Permits and Water Resource Fee Collection, the Management Measures for Water Resource Demonstration of Construction Projects, and the Management Measures for Water Withdrawal Permits, aiming to continuously conserve water resource and use water resource more efficiently with the goal of reducing industrial water intake by no less than 1 annually.
In 2023, the Company's industrial water intake was 622. 8 million cubic metres, a decrease of 1 year-on-year, saving 6. 3 million cubic metres of water.
A total of 38 water-saving technical improvement projects were proposed and implemented, and 27 rationalisation proposals were put forward.
Jiujiang Petrochemical has successfully achieved zero discharge in its water treatment plant by applying the new water-saving technology of sludge removal and backwash water recycling.
Sinopec Corp. has formulated and issued a series of management policies and action plans, such as the Sinopec Pollution Prevention and Control Management Regulations, the 2023 Green Low-carbon Gaps and Weakness Improvement Special Action Plan, the River Water Pollution Risk Prevention Action Plan and other management regulations and action plans in accordance with the requirements of national laws and regulations such as the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law, the Yangtze River Protection Law, the Yellow River Protection Law, the Action Plan for Deepening the Yangtze River Protection and Restoration Campaign, as well as industry-related water pollution discharge standards, aiming at comprehensively strengthening water pollution prevention and control of the Company and vigorously promoting the implementation of discharge reduction projects.
All subsidiaries have signed the Energy and Environment Responsibility Agreements, specifying their water pollution reduction targets and management tasks, and incorporating the implementation into their annual assessment.
The pollutants in the wastewater discharged during the production and operation of the Company mainly include chemical oxygen demand, ammonia nitrogen, total nitrogen, total phosphorus, etc.
The information on the amount, concentration, and destination of the discharge is specified in the pollution discharge permit execution report and environmental information disclosure of each subsidiary.
In the process of implementing the Green Enterprise Campaign, Sinopec Corp. comprehensively promotes clean production, strengthens the management of water pollution prevention and control facilities, and ensures stable and compliant discharge of wastewater.
The Company fully implements the requirements of the Guidelines for the Management of Rain and Sewage Systems in Refining and Chemical Enterprises, improves the rain and sewage diversion system of its subsidiaries, strengthens on-site management and monitoring of polluted rainwater.
The Company also carries out the transformation of high- salt water treatment facilities and miscellaneous salt separation in coal chemical enterprises, accelerating the treatment of historically stored high-salt water to meet standards, point-to- point miscellaneous salt treatment, and comprehensive utilisation of gasification waste.
Vigorously implemented rain and sewage diversion transformation, promoted the visualisation of sewage pipework, constructed information modules for sewage and rainwater pipework, and increased the reuse of sewage, effectively reducing the amount of sewage generated.
Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. Qingdao Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Shijiazhuang Refining & Chemical Co, Ltd. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Maoming Petrochemical Company Sino-Korea (Wuhan) Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Yanshan Petrochemical Company ZTHC Energy Sinopec Great Wall Energy & Chemical (Ningxia) Co., Ltd. Petroleum Refining Enterprises Ethylene Production Enterprises Coal-to-olefin Enterprises Coal-to-methanol EnterprisesWater Efficiency Front-runner Water Efficiency Front-runner Water Efficiency Front-runner Water Efficiency Front-runner PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT
071 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 072 Key measures to prevent hydrocarbon leaks in 2023 Implemented the Volatile Organic Compounds Leak Detection Specification, comprehensively carried out VOC pollution prevention and control enhancement work, and vigorously promoted emission reduction projects.
In accordance with the overall target of reducing atmospheric pollutants, the Company has signed energy and environmental responsibility agreements with key subsidiaries, specifying the reduction targets for volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and the key tasks for governance.
In 2023, the Company's subsidiaries have significantly reduced the leakage of hydrocarbons with a series of control measures.
Sinopec Corp. complies with national laws and regulations and industry protocols related to land management, such as the Land Administration Law of the People's Republic of China, the Urban Real Estate Administration Law of the People's Republic of China, the Black Soil Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Soil Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for the Implementation of Land Reclamation Regulations, and the Land Use Control Indicators for Oil and Gas Engineering Projects, etc., integrating the concept of green and efficient throughout the entire process of land management.
In 2023, the Company revised the Sinopec Land Management Measures for the fifth time, and formulated the Sinopec Land Management Operation Guidance Opinions, continuously deepening full-process land management and promoting efficient allocation of land resources.
With the core concept of strictly controlling increment, reusing existing resources, reasonably reducing quantity, and improving quality, the Company has established a 1 N land management mechanism.
At the Company level, Sinopec Corp. implements closed-loop management of the full life cycle of land, including ten key processes, such as land planning, acquisition of construction land, land saving and intensive use, land ownership and value management, land operation, land disposal, land evaluation, etc.
At the subsidiary level, detailed implementation rules for land management are formulated in accordance with the specific requirement of the business sectors, allowing the subsidiaries to implement more standardised and refined management regarding land standards, land use behaviours, etc.
The Company timely follows up on policy trends related to land use and planning from state and local governments, and adjusts the direction of land management policies accordingly, to prevent illegitimate land use behaviours.
The Company regularly communicates with government land management authorities to report problems encountered in the land management process, ensuring the legality and compliance of the Company's land use behaviours.
The Company has also developed a land management information system to strengthen online control of the entire land management process.
In addition, the Company also focuses on daily supervision measures such as quarterly inspections and annual inspections, as well as deploying special work, to strengthen risk prevention and control for major land use processes such as temporary land procedures for subsidiaries, new land saving and intensive use, and registration of existing land property rights.
The facility is divided into 16 monitoring grids.
A total of 41 VOCs monitoring points and a micro air monitoring station enable early warning based on monitoring results and pollution source tracing, contributing to the reduction of odours in production area.
Over ten IPAS reactors were installed on the sewage tanks, effectively solving the VOCs emission problem.
For new projects, priority should be given to avoiding ecological sensitive areas.
If it is really unavoidable, a special demonstration should be carried out according to the requirements of the competent authority of the ecological sensitive area, and permission for crossing should be obtained.
If the permission for crossing is not obtained as required, the project shall not be allowed to start construction.
During the construction and operation of the project, efforts should be made to minimise ecological damage.
Losses caused by ecological damage should be restored as required...
If the entity does not have the ability to restore the ecology, it can entrust a third party to carry out the restoration.
No enterprise or individual may occupy greening space without authorisation, damage or transplant greening trees, or destroy greening facilities.
When trees tilt due to force majeure and endanger the safety of production facilities, they can be straightened or cut down first, and the relevant procedures should be completed in a timely manner, while reporting to the Company's greening management department and the local greening administrative authority.
Number of ecological monitoring points 33. 6 Thousand sets Number of ecological monitoring data BIODIVERSITY CONSERVATIONSinopec Corp. strictly complies with various laws, regulations, and requirements related to biodiversity conservation at the national and local levels, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Wetland Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Nature Reserves of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for the Administration of Marine Special Protection Areas, the Regulations on the Prevention and Control of Pollution in Drinking Water Source Protection Areas, the Interim Measures for the Administration of Aquatic Germplasm Resources Protection Areas, the Measures for the Administration of National Key Parks, the Measures for the Administration of National Wetland Parks, the Regulations on Scenic Spots, etc.
Biodiversity conservation has been integrated into the Company's policy system, such as the Sinopec Environmental Protection Management Regulations, the Sinopec Environmental Protection Management Measures for Construction Projects, and the Sinopec Ecological Protection Management Measures, clearly stipulating requirements for ecological protection such as no deforestation and avoidance of ecologically protected red line areas.
All subsidiaries are required to strictly implement biodiversity conservation measures during project design, construction, and operation stages, in order to reduce disturbance to the ecological environment caused by production and operation.
The ecological tracking monitoring results show no impact from the Company's production and operation.
The Company actively participates in the governance of the Yangtze River shoreline, and fully supports the ecological environment protection and restoration in the Yangtze River region.
The Company fully implements the national industrial development plan for the Yangtze River Economic Belt, organises inspections of oil and gas facilities within natural reserves and drinking water sources, resolutely implements the requirements of shutdown and transformation, and comprehensively completes ecological restoration.
In 2023, some subsidiaries actively cooperated with the government in the rectification of drinking water sources, implementing related activities such as shutting down oil terminals, sealing wells, and dismantling stations and yards.
The overseas subsidiaries of the Company also attach great importance to biodiversity conservation and actively carry out biodiversity conservation plans.
In 2023, UDM in Russia released a total of 252, 000 fish fingerlings including carp, crucian carp, and loach into the waters of the Kama River and Cheptsa River.
Sinopec Corp. actively promotes the protection of the precious wetland resources in the Yellow River Delta.
Adhering to the principle of developing in protection and protecting in development, the Company has improved management standards in terms of ecological protection, risk prevention and control, pollution prevention, and ecological monitoring, and invested RMB250 million in the implementation of wetland enhancement projects in nature reserves following the requirements of long life, maintenance-free, and zero emissions.
Shengli Oilfield invested RMB4. 95 million in the Yellow River Wetland Park for breeding and release, and implemented measures such as artificial nest and installation of insulated sheaths to promote the deep integration of facility appearance with the natural environment, continuously improving the living environment for fishery resources and bird reproduction.
After years of efforts, the number of bird species in the natural reserve has significantly increased, from 283 species in 2000 to 373 species in 2023.
Major economic biological resources such as mandarin fish, loach, and Chinese prawns, are also keeping recovering, and the ecosystem is becoming increasingly complete.
In addition, in order to cooperate with the application for listing the Yellow River Delta as a World Heritage for bird habitat and wetlands, Shengli Oilfield has set up 18 monitoring points to conduct ecological monitoring of vegetation, birds, aquatic organisms, etc., promoting the establishment of the Yellow River Mouth National Park.
The company actively cooperated with the Ministry of Ecology and Environment to carry out the Waste Clearing Action in the Yellow River Basin, clearing more than ten thousand tonnes of historical landfill solid waste by 2023.
The Company requires its subsidiaries to comply with national and local laws, regulations, policies, standards, and normative requirements.
The site selection, layout, and scale of construction projects must comply with the Three Lines and One List (ecological protection red line, environmental quality bottom line, resource utilisation top line, and ecological environment access list) compulsory constraints and the overall requirements of relevant planning and environmental impact assessments.
In the process of extending or changing mining rights in important wetlands, nature reserves, forest parks and other environmentally sensitive areas within the mining rights area, avoidance measures shall be taken to implement the avoidance of various sensitive areas during the mining rights change process.
Risk Management Measures for Biodiversity and Ecological Protection In Project Construction Project ExitProject ConstructionBefore the project construction, environmental impact assessments should be carried out in accordance with regulations, evaluating the impact of the construction project on biodiversity.
Construction can only start with the premise of an acceptable assessment and obtaining environmental approval.
Biodiversity impact assessments focus on elements that require key protection in national ecological red line areas and ecologically sensitive areas, including endangered species, wildlife, and wild plants.
Any land near farmland and meeting the reclamation conditions will be returned to the local government after reclamation.
CASEParticipation in the Protection of the Yellow River Delta Wetlands Artificial nest placed in nature reserves PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT
ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE Safety Management System and Objectives Identification and Mitigation of Safety Risks Production Safety Contractor Safety Cybersecurity and Information Security Security Occupational Health077 079 080 080 081 082 0832023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 076 075 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report
077 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 078 Optimising Systems and Policies1 System Audit and Certification2 Safety Performance Assessment Mechanism3Coordinate the organisation and operation management of the HSE management system, and set clear responsibilities and department in charge regarding key system components.
Sub-committees take lead of the HSE management in their respective fields of expertise, providing expertise guidance for the operation of the HSE management system.
As the responsible party of the HSE management system, subsidiaries are responsible for carrying out the allocated HSE tasks, and establishing a robust mechanism for monitoring, reporting, analysing, and continuously improving HSE performance to ensure the effective operation of the system.
Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to safety management, and continuously strives to realise systematic, standardised, and scientific HSE management.
The Company strengthened the top-level design of HSE management, and has established an HSE management system that conforms to international practices with Sinopec Corp. characteristics in accordance with state standards and requirements, such as the Environmental Management Systems Requirements with Guidance for Use (GB T 24001), the Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems Requirements with Guidance for Use (GB T 45001), and the Guideline of China Occupational Safety and Health Management System (GB T 33000), covering six aspects including management commitment and responsibility, planning, support, operational process control, performance evaluation, and improvement.
The HSE management system and related policies cover all workers of Sinopec Corp., including its employees, suppliers, as well as contractors.
The HSE Committee is responsible for researching, planning, guiding, and coordinating HSE-related issues, analysing HSE performance, and studying and making decisions on major HSE-related issues of the Company.
The Committee has a Safety Director in charge, and also has a dedicated safety management personnel with relevant expertise in charge of safety inspections.
The Company regularly convenes HSE Committee meetings, annual meetings on HSE, as well as video conferences on HSE and production operations, to brief and discuss key HSE issues and make relevant work plans accordingly.
Sinopec Corp. continues to optimise its HSE management system, and has formulated relevant HSE management manuals, HSE management policies, specific management policies and standards for business units, and operation procedures, etc.
In 2023, the Company conducted a safety management system compliance assessment in order to further optimise the system.
A number of other management policies were also revised, including the Sinopec Oil and Gas Pipeline Safety Management Regulations, the Sinopec Safety Training and Safety Capability Enhancement Management Regulations (Trial), the Management Regulations on the Dual Prevention Mechanism of Hierarchical Management and Control of Production Safety Risks Investigation and Treatment of Hidden Dangers of Sinopec, the Sinopec Safety Instrument System Safety Integrity Level Evaluation Management Measures (Trial), the Sinopec Contractor Safety Supervision Management Measures, the Sinopec Hazardous Chemical Transportation Safety Management Regulations (Trial), and the Sinopec Public Utility Pipe Gallery Operation Safety Management Regulations, etc.
With reference to relevant laws and regulations, such as the Safety Production Law of the People's Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Emergency Response Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Special Equipment Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company summarised 942 applicable clauses according to business categories and formulated the Sinopec Production Safety Compliance Risk List, using it as the foundation of a defence line against safety compliance risks.
The Company supervises and reviews the strategy, objectives, and implementation of health and safety related issues with system audit and management review to ensure the timely identification and rectification of possible problems.
The HSE Committee conducts an annual review of the adequacy, sufficiency, and effectiveness of the system, researches and formulates relevant improvement measures and targets, and prepares a summary report based on the review results.
The Company actively encourages its subsidiaries to apply for HSE management system certification or third-party safety management evaluations.
As of the end of 2023, there were 47 subsidiaries of the Company completing ISO45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System certification.
For example, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical, Yanshan Petrochemical, and Guangzhou Petrochemical conducted safety management assessments in accordance with the DNV international safety and sustainability valuation system, while Fujian Refining &Petrochemical contracted external OIMS audits.
The Company has developed an information platform for evaluating safety management process performance of subsidiaries based on over 30 dynamic indicators, with assessment results publicised monthly.
In addition, to strengthen its safety management accountability, the Company has also formulated and implemented detailed rules for the assessment of management staff targets and annual business performance, with specific articles linking the deduction of assessment points to poor safety performance.
HSE Management Structure of Sinopec Corp. ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE
Sinopec Corp. continuously optimises the mechanism for identifying safety risks, utilising the risk assessment and management platform to achieve systematic, standardised, normalised, and information-based identification of risks, so as to eliminate safety risks by formulating a dual preventive mechanism of tiered safety risk control and safety hazard screening and rectification.
The Management Regulations on the Dual Prevention Mechanism of Hierarchical Management and Control of Production Safety Risks Investigation and Treatment of Hidden Dangers of Sinopec specifies the daily procedures for identifying and assessing safety risks, requiring its subsidiaries to conduct a comprehensive risk identification at least once a year and take immediate action on various abnormalities monitored.
Its subsidiaries regularly carried out joint emergency drills with local government agencies to effectively enhancing their emergency response capabilities regarding major accidents.
PRODUCTION SAFETY The Company attaches great importance to enhancing the safety awareness and management of contractors, and has formulated policies such as the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Contractors and the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Key Materials Supply to specify the detailed safety supervision and management requirements for various operation procedures, such as contractor safety qualification review, bidding, contract signing, subcontracting, commencement, on-site construction, and special operations.
The Company implements robust supplier qualification review and continuously strengthens the prevention and control of supplier safety risks.
In 2023, the Company conducted on-site inspections of 1, 486 suppliers and a number of special inspections for suppliers of hazardous chemicals, and suspended 3, 759 suppliers who failed to provide valid qualifications.
The Company also vigorously carries out contractor safety inspection.
The inspection team conducted 133 special safety inspections of 93 enterprises throughout the year, follow-up inspections of 36 enterprises, with 3, 196 issues identified in total.
All subsidiaries were required to carry out self-inspections regarding these identified issues.
The Company also encouraged contractors to establish a two-way safety assessment mechanism and selected a number of contractors for pilot programmes.
Contractors of key construction projects were also required to have their QHSE system compliance performance and attendance and performance of key personnel inspected.
Contractor safety quantitative assessment rules were also optimised during the year.
In 2023, the number of contractor accidents decreased by about 50 compared to 2022, making the lowest records on both the accident and work-related death for contractors in history.-50 Year-on-year change Number of contractor accidents in 2023In 2023, the Company organised a demonstration training on safety management for grassroots unit leaders, safety officers, and team leaders, and continued to carry out certified training for key HSE personnel.
Meanwhile, the best practice of Ace Operation skills competition initiated at Zhenhai Refining & Chemical was actively promoted across the Company, with a number of competitions organised for grassroots safety personnel in oilfield, sales, and refining subsidiaries.
Focused on the daily operations of grassroots safety personnel, these competitions used random sampling in competitor selection, changing the traditional best in class competition to everyone included competition.
The new format effectively tested the operation capabilities and skills of grassroots safety personnel and encouraged them to further enhance their safety management skills.
The Company also initiated relevant mechanisms such as weekly inspections, monthly supervision, and quarterly summaries.
Each month, a joint HSE Committee Office - the Year of Safety Management Working Group Office meeting was convened to coordinate the resolution of tough challenges and ensure the effective implementation of various safety management improvement measures.
In 2023, the Company organised systematic safety training at all levels with greater resources and formats, completing a total of 21 safety training programmes covering key HSE personnel at all levels.
CASESafety Management Capacity Building at the Grassroots Level2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 080 079 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE 21 812 Number of risk items identifiedNumber of safety training programmes 1, 486 Number of suppliers receiving on-site inspections
081 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report The Company has established a Cybersecurity and Information Committee, with Chairman of the Board serving as the chairperson, to oversee the Company's medium and long-term planning, annual plan, and key tasks regarding cybersecurity and ensure the implementation of cybersecurity tasks and responsibilities of each subsidiary with guidance, coordination, and inspections.
The Company's cybersecurity technical support unit, PCITC Limited, has passed the ISO27001 certification.
Cybersecurity and Information Security Management Framework Building a Comprehensive Cybersecurity Defence System Establishing a Cybersecurity Information MechanismFocusing on Graded Protection of Cybersecurity Security Performance Evaluation Facing the complex and ever-changing global security challenges, Sinopec Corp. continues to optimise its management system and operational procedures for overseas security management and risk prevention and control efforts, maintaining a zero-death overseas security performance for 16 consecutive years.
The Company strictly complies with the security-related laws, regulations, policies, and standards of the countries where it operates, and has established a sound security management system and operational procedures, and developed relevant emergency plans regarding potential security emergencies.
In 2023, the Company further strengthened its security management with activities such as security emergency drills and security measure upgrades, engaged in regional security coordination, consultation, and assistance programmes, and had achieved cross-border and cross-enterprise information sharing and mutual assistance regarding security matters.
The Company attaches great importance to protecting the security of overseas employees, continuously enhancing its capabilities to prevent, control, and deal with security risks.
Employees are required to participate in security training and briefings of overseas security updates to help them improve their security awareness.
The Company also increased the investment in security management and security personnel to better ensure the security of employees.
In addition, the Company also attaches importance to the physical and mental health of overseas employees, and regularly carries out Chinese medical teams to offer overseas employees with on-site medical services.
In 2023, the Company organised a series of cybersecurity-related trainings, such as the evaluation standards training for cybersecurity and informatisation, and urged its subsidiaries to strengthen cybersecurity with experience sharing and briefing of cybersecurity incidents.
Sinopec Corp.'s cybersecurity team participated the WangDing Cup cybersecurity technology competition, which is known for Cybersecurity Olympics, and won the second prize in team competition.
The Company co-hosted 7th Cybersecurity Awareness Week event with the local government of Fangshan District, Beijing.
Through these activities, the Company propagated the concept of network security, popularised cybersecurity knowledge, and promoted cybersecurity skills.
SECURITYCybersecurity Training and Awareness Raising Sinopec Corp. applies a systematic way to manage its overseas risks.
In 2023, the Company further strengthened the closed-loop, full-cycle risk prevention and management regarding overseas projects, firmly implementing the Five in One measures including source control, risk investigation, monitoring and early warning, consultation and evaluation, supervision and guidance.
The Company formulated and issued the Sinopec Overseas Project Full-cycle Risk Management Measures (Trial), and conducted annual risk investigations for overseas projects.
During the year, the Company also issued two issues of the Sinopec Overseas Security Risk Assessment Reports, compiled the Country Risk Information Compilation (2018-2022), and released five Country Risk Information Alerts briefings, and 31 analysis reports regarding risk situations and trends.
Comprehensive Prevention and Mitigation of Overseas Risks Source Control1 3 4 5 2CYBERSECURITY AND INFORMATION SECURITYSinopec Corp. attaches great importance to cybersecurity, strictly abides by laws and regulations such as the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Regulations on Security Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, and has taken a series of security measures from both management and technical perspectives to continuously improve cybersecurity capabilities and the relevant technological capabilities.
In 2023, the Company revised and issued the Sinopec Cybersecurity Management Measures and revised a number of relevant technical documents.
In accordance with the Sinopec Regulations on the Evaluation and Assessment of Cybersecurity and Informatisation, the Company has included cybersecurity protection capabilities and security incidents into annual assessment of subsidiaries to ensure better implementation of the cybersecurity management measures.
The assessment results are directly linked to the performance evaluation results of the management of the subsidiaries.
SSRC regularly issues security warnings and cybersecurity rectification requirements in a timely manner in accordance with regulatory requirements as well as the monitoring results on Sinopec Corp.'s subsidiaries, and closely follow-up on the rectification process to ensure the timely elimination of risks.
Employees are required to report suspicious information security and cybersecurity activities to SSRC for investigating, analysis, and handling.
In 2023, the Company issued a total of 34 warnings against threats such as phishing emails and high-risk vulnerabilities, as well as briefings on hacker attack patterns, and a total of 198 vulnerability rectification requirements, all of which have been implemented as required.
Cybersecurity incidents are managed by their assigned classes and by relevant departments in accordance with the Sinopec Cybersecurity Incident Emergency Plan, following the procedure of warning response, emergency handling, investigation and assessment, prevention, and support.
Each year, the Company organises a cybersecurity attack and defence drill to eliminate cybersecurity risks.
Risk InvestigationMonitoring and Early WarningConsultation and EvaluationSupervision and GuidanceESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 082 90 10, 000 person-times Participants of 7th Cybersecurity Awareness Week event
083 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 084 Organised occupational health check-ups for employees, and researched on the 735 cases identified.
The HSE Committee is the top decision-making body for occupational health management in Sinopec Corp.
The relevant departments at the Company headquarters formulate and ensure the implementation of various occupational health management policies, and report on the employee health conditions at monthly, quarterly, and annual HSE work meetings.
Each subsidiary implements specific measures for occupational health management and reports on the employee health conditions to the General Meeting of Employee Representatives annually.
The Company has formulated several performance evaluation indicators for occupational health management, including timely reporting of non-production incidents and closed- loop management issues, compliance status of occupational disease prevention facilities, and rectification plans and completion status of occupational disease hazard irregularities, and added the decrease in new cases of occupational diseases as an annul new occupational health management goal in 2023.
During the year, the Company implemented its HSE management system in accordance with the Employee Health Management Regulations, conducted a thorough research on occupational health hazards in workplace and their impacts on employees with a survey of 116 companies regarding 7 categories of occupational health conditions, and carried out regular occupational disease hazard inspections of 39 thousand workplaces and 233 thousand inspection points.
The rectification efforts of workplaces with excessive noise continued during the year with one-site verification and technical support provided for certain subsidiaries, reaching a 65 completion rate as of the end of year.
A total of 300 exceptional health enterprises and 33 exceptional Occupational Health Experts were recognised nationwide, among which, Sinopec Corp. has 20 subsidiaries and two employees selected.
Sinopec Corp. was also granted the Typical Case of Health Enterprise Construction award at the annual national Patriotic Health Campaign main event.
Key measures for employee occupational health management in 2023 Strengthened the standard compliance review regarding the occupational disease prevention content in the feasibility study report of construction projects, and promoted the implementation of the industry standard Design Specification for Occupational Safety and Health in Petrochemical Enterprises (SH T 3047) to systematically improve the system design regarding occupational disease hazard prevention and control.
Deployed more than 4, 000 automated external defibrillators (AEDs) in workplaces with high personnel density, which had been used in four incidents of medical emergencies.
The Company adopts a diversified recruitment policy and offers smooth career development channels to allow employees from different backgrounds and cultures to have equal opportunities to grow.
The Company complies with national laws and regulations and international conventions such as the Prohibition of the Use of Child Labour Regulations and the Convention on the Rights of the Child, prohibits the employment of child labour, and resists all forms of forced and compulsory labour, and there was none occurrence of such incidents happened in 2023.
The Company regulates its overseas employment behaviours through the formulation of relevant systems and polices, and actively safeguards the legitimate rights and interests of overseas employees.
The Company also attaches importance to the professional growth and development of overseas employees, strengthens employee care, strives to foster harmonious and stable labour relations and promotes the balanced development of economic and social benefits.
By conducting a comprehensive review of business operations, assessing the supply chain, employee feedback and participation, stakeholder engagement, etc., to fully understand potential risk factors that may impact human rights, such as forced labour issue in the supply chain, and environmental issues, etc.
Risk Identification Risk AssessmentManaging Human Rights Risks Sinopec's Commitment and Goals on Human Rights Protection Always regard employee safety and health as top priority, and strive to create a safe and healthy working environment for employees.
The Company strictly implements relevant domestic laws such as the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Civil Procedure Law of the People's Republic of China, the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Minors, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Persons with Disabilities, and other relevant laws, regulations, and systems of other countries where it operates, as well as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the National Human Rights Action Plan (2021-2025).
The Company fully respects and safeguards the rights of employees to participate and supervise corporate matters, strictly forbids any behaviour that ignores or tramples on human rights, treats all employees fairly and equally regardless of their gender, geographic origin, race, and religious beliefs, and is committed to building a workforce with diversity and equity.
In addition, the Company strives to ensure the safety and health of employees, and is committed to creating a safe and healthy working environment for employees.
Trainings on Human Rights Protection2The Company strictly implements the requirements and standards for protecting human rights, regularly conducts human rights training and education for employees, enhances employees' awareness of human rights protection and sense of responsibility, promotes the formation of effective supervision mechanisms, and improves the implementation effectiveness of human rights policies.
Risk Response Continuous Improvement CommunicationRESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS AND CUL TIVATING TALENTS RESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS AND CUL TIVATING TALENTS
089 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 090 Adhering to the principles of equal, voluntary, and consensus through consultation, the Company signs written labour contracts with employees, covering the contract period, job responsibilities and location, working hours, rest and leave clauses, labour remuneration clauses, labour protection and occupational hazard prevention clauses, etc.
The labour contract's articles are approved or supervised by the local labour department.
For personnel implementing flexible working hours and comprehensive calculation of working hours, all units shall follow the latest policy requirements of the state on special working hour systems, fully listen to the opinions of the labour union, take appropriate work and rest methods, and ensure the physical health of employees.
When an employee resigns, do not restrict their choice of new job for any reason or by any means.
Employee Management Rest and Vacation Arrangement Working Environment Female Employees Employees with DisabilitiesPercentage of female employees 30. 73 Percentage of ethnic minority employees 4. 36 Sinopec Corp. actively implements the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, adheres to the basic values of decent work, ensures that all workers are protected in labour relations, creates a lawful, fair, and friendly workplace environment, and continuously enhances employees' sense of obtaining human rights protection, happiness, and security.
The Company opposes any act that ignores or tramples human rights, and forbids any forms of discrimination with regard to recruitment, promotion, training, and remuneration, etc.
The Company adopts flexible employment models according to actual needs, expands recruitment channels, attracts individuals with diverse backgrounds, skills, and experiences to join, and provides employees with fair and just opportunities for career development and compensation.
The Company leverages its industrial advantages to continuously strengthen the support for labour needed in minority areas, and through establishing a fair and just selection mechanism, ensures that all employees have equal opportunities for career development.
The proportion of minority employees in the Company continues to grow.
A complaint and grievance mechanism has been established to allow employees to report incidents of discrimination and harassment timely.
The Company strictly protects the privacy and legitimate rights of whistleblowers.
All discriminatory and harassing behaviours, once confirmed, will be handled seriously in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, with the handling results disclosed to the affected employees and the public.
The Company conducts evaluations of the implementation of various human resources management systems each year, and promptly formulates revision plans.
In 2023, revisions were made to systems related to the supervision and accountability of leadership selection and appointment, leadership tenure system and contractual management, overall performance assessment management, headquarters leadership performance assessment and compensation management, in order to better align the relevant systems with the actual needs of the Company's human resources development.
Indicators Number of employee representative congress meetings convened Number of employee representative congress resolutions filed183 2, 902159 2, 927Sinopec Corp. has been continuously optimising a democratic management system and corporate affairs transparency mechanism with the formulation of policies such as the Implementation Measures for Corporate Affairs Transparency of Units Directly under Sinopec Corp. and the Implementation Measures for the Staff Representative Congress of Units Directly under Sinopec Corp.
The Company fully guarantees the employees' rights to information, participation, expression, and supervision when formulating policies and regulations, or making decisions on major reform matters related to employees' vital interests, cultivating employees' sense of ownership, mobilising and protecting the enthusiasm of the majority of employees to participate in corporate governance.
Employee Communication and Participation In order to give full play to the democratic participation of employees, the Company actively implements collective bargaining, extensively solicits the opinions of employee representatives, strengthens communication between the trade union and the administrative department, and jointly discusses and formulates the relevant clauses of collective contracts and special contracts, especially for the collective contracts with the requirements on special protection for female employees.
After the contract is passed by the employee representatives' congress, it is signed by representatives of the trade union and representatives of management, truly realising the protection of employees' rights and interests.
The Company regularly organises employee representatives to propose suggestions on production safety, environmental protection, enterprise management, production and operation, salary distribution, employee education and welfare, etc.
The responsible departments collect the suggestions and provide feedback accordingly, establishing a robust closed-loop proposal handling and feedback mechanism.
Suggestions not formally recognised as proposals will have written feedback for explanation.
Collective Bargaining Mechanism1Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the identification of human resources management risks and has established corresponding evaluation mechanisms.
In the 2023 risk assessment results, talent turnover risk remains a key focus for the Company.
In this regard, the Company systematically monitors the situation of talent turnover, strengthens attention to companies with prominent talent turnover issues, and takes measures such as expanding talent development space, implementing precise and effective incentives, creating a high-quality ecosystem that respects and treasures talents, and overall management of talent turnover issues based on the characteristics and reasons of the loss.
In recent years, the employee turnover rate of Sinopec Corp. has been continuously decreasing.
Human Resources Risk Management1 Based on the Company's business development strategy and short-, medium-, and long- term goals, as well as the demand for business development and key core technologies, the Company vigorously attracts high-level talents from domestic and abroad focusing on job-person compatibility and targeted talent introduction.
In addition, the Company implements a differentiated talent attraction strategy, explores the implementation of an independent registration system of talent introduction based while adhering to the concept of playing chess was a whole, encouraging talent optimisation and flow arrangements that are conducive to the overall business development of the Company.
The Company actively guides and encourages talents to work in units with vacancies, new projects, grassroots frontlines, and in difficult and dangerous positions, and strives to break down barriers to talent flow between segments, regions, and departments.
When evaluating leaders at all levels, the weight given to employee representatives is increased to continuously enhance employee participation.
In addition, the Company has developed an employee self-service information system for all employees, providing various services such as information inquiry, policy consultation, and learning and development, establishing a self-sevice brand for employees with Sinopec characteristics.
Diversified Communication Channels2 The Company's trade union combines the various grassroots employee engagement activities, such as the thousands of grass-root family visits, with the campaign of doing practical things for the masses, mobilising management staff at all levels to comprehensively carry out visits to grassroots teams and employee families, listen to employees' demands, and strive to solve the most concerning and practical problems for employees.
In addition, the trade union continued to organise a variety of employee activities and events under the theme of Sinopec Read, Sinopec Health, and Sinopec Care to encourage employees to take better care of their physical and mental health.
Trade unions at all levels regularly carried out employee caring activities, increased the support for the employee condolence mechanism, and conducted condolences visits to the families of distressed overseas employee.
Mobilised employees to actively participate in consumption assistance, consumption assistance organised by trade unions at all levels totalled over RMB50 million in 2023.
Sinopec Read Sinopec Health Sinopec CareJob Value Assessment Tool Evaluation Tool for Market-Oriented Employment MechanismsTalent Inventory Salary BenchmarkingDeveloped a unified job value assessment tool, established a strategic job positioning model with the job tool as the core, compiled and revised job descriptions, job catalogue compilation norms, job competition norms, and other series of documents, and promoted implementation in more than 30 subsidiary units with good results.
Organised and guided all directly subsidiaries to carry out self-assessment on the construction of market-oriented employment mechanism focusing on 19 indicators under five factors such as management system, open recruitment, contractual management, etc., to provide data support for enterprises to identify gaps and implement improvement measures.
Performance indicators linked to long-term incentives SALARY AND BENEFITSSinopec Corp. continues to deepen the reform of its renumeration system, optimises its market-oriented renumeration mechanism, implements a renumeration policy that combines salary incentives with non-salary incentives, and has built a multi-dimensional salary and benefits system covering basic salary, performance bonuses, and medium- to long-term incentives based on factors such as job value, capability level, and performance and contribution.
In addition, the Company provides employees with multi-level and personalised benefits to better protect the well-being of employees.
The Company actively benchmarks its salary performance against the market, and integrates these findings to enhance our salary competitiveness to key, core talent and create a fair salary distribution structure.
By implementing a tenure system and contractual management for management personnel, and contractual management for other personnel, the Company determines the assessment content by having all employees sign performance contracts, covering both work performance and competency assessments.
Should any significant or more serious safety, environmental protection, quality accidents or incidents arise, the assessment outcomes shall immediately be deemed as unsatisfactory.
The Company has formulated a policy system including the Guiding Opinions on the Medium- and Long- term Incentives of Sinopec, implementing diversified employee incentive measures.
As of the end of 2023, the long-term incentive methods implemented by the Company include equity and dividend incentives for technology companies, excess profit-sharing mechanisms, and follow-up investments, covering 12 subsidiaries, including four subsidiaries just recently started implement these policies in 2023.
These measures effectively motivate the innovation and efficiency of management and key employees.
Goal Management Mechanism Sustainability IndicatorsAt the beginning of each assessment period, formulate assessment targets based on the overall business performance goals, investment plans, production and operation plans, and financial budgets of the Company, with considerations also given to the business unit's development plan, historical performance, and industry benchmarking results.
During the assessment period, the completion of assessment targets is tracked, checked, and warned.
At the end of the assessment period, the completion of assessment target is assessed into a comprehensive score based on financial settlement data, vertical comparisons, and horizontal benchmarking results.
Sinopec Corp. is committed to integrating the national priority of job creation with its own talent development strategy, continuously deepening talent training programmes, and building smooth career development paths for talents.
This allows employees to grow together with the Company, gaining knowledge, skills, and valuable professional experience along their career growth, and providing strong support for the Company's high-quality development.
The Company continuously improves the top-level design of education and training, revised the Sinopec Employee Education and Training Management Regulations and the Sinopec Online Training Management Measures, and formulated the Sinopec Education and Training System Outline.
The Company provides employees with diversified training and development opportunities, including various internal and external training courses, professional seminars, and participation in further education courses, etc., aiming to help employees improve their professional skills and stimulate their potential and creativity.
Sinopec Corp. regards the construction of a team of technology talents as a priority, and has carried out comprehensive research on the reform of the system and mechanism for the development of technology talents.
Meanwhile, the Company further implemented the Future Scientists training programme, and launched the Hundreds of Boats, Thousands of Sails Youth Talent Practical Training Programme.
In 2023, a group of outstanding talents from the Company were recognised with over a dozen national-level honorary titles, such as the National Engineer Award, the National Innovation Competition Award, the National Technical Expert, and the Chinese Female Scientist Award Team Award.
In 2023, Sinopec Corp. organised the third Sinopec Youth Technology Elite Competition with an optimised comprehensive evaluation mode based on talents and projects.
A total of 155 participants, with the projects, from 78 subsidiaries jointed the competition.
In the end, ten winners were awarded the title of Sinopec Outstanding Youth Technology Innovation Talents, and were accepted into the new round of talent that to be supported by this programme.
The programme implements a dual-track mentor system, including a research track and a production track.
Participants are funded to carry out independent research topics of their choice.
Such a programme can play a positive role in helping employees to clarify their career development directions, optimise their growth paths, and accelerate their growth.
The Company actively opens up channels for cooperation in talent cultivation, participating as one of the first pilot units in the special pilot programme of reforming the training of engineering doctoral students, and selected several rounds of outstanding technical backbone employees to pursue doctoral degrees in engineering.
In 2023, a total of 341 senior (professor-level) employees, 91 chief technicians, 1, 428 senior technicians, and 116 special-grade technicians passed the assessment and received the relevant titles and accreditations.
In addition, to strengthen the training of skilled talents, the Company actively organises various technical competitions and achievement exhibitions, such as holding events for the promotion of innovative achievements of Sinopec Corp.'s skilled talents and workers' innovation achievement exhibitions, convening meetings to encourage the rolling out of employee innovation studios, etc.
In 2023, a total of 76 Sinopec Corp.'s Skilled Talents Innovation Studios were established and approved.
The Company organised nine class-1 competitions and four class-2 competitions groupwide, and awarded 42 individuals the title of Sinopec Technical Expert.
Management Talent Expert Talent Skilled Talent International TalentContinuously improved the progressive and systematic training system, implemented Corporate Reform and Innovation Leadership Training Camps, youth and middle-aged management staff trainings, and key training courses such as the Sunrise Project for young talents, aiming at systematically enhancing the comprehensive quality and performance capabilities of management personnel.
Organised top-notch skills training courses, carried out demonstration training for skilled talents in different positions, and continuously strengthened basic skills training.
EMPLOYEE CUL TIVATION AND DEVELOPMENT 5, 139 Number of employees covered by training programmes for key talentsBroaden the talent growth path Promote position-based management for expertsCASE Future Scientists Training Programme The Hundreds of Boats, Thousands of Sails Youth Talent Practical Training Programme plans to take five years to exchange and cultivate 400 young elite talents as the Hundreds of Boats, and 1, 000 young backbone talents as the Thousands of Sails.
The programme also aims to build a normalised mechanism for talent exchange and training across segments, subsidiaries, and professional fields.
In 2023, the programme selected 123 young elite talents and 239 young backbone talents, as well as 50 candidates for overseas practical training.
CASE Hundreds of Boats, Thousands of Sails Strengthening the Training for Key Talents1Building a Team of Technology Talents2 Cooperation in Talent Cultivation3 Building Smooth Career Development Paths4RESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS AND CUL TIVATING TALENTS RESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS AND CUL TIVATING TALENTS
097 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 098 FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Contributing to Philanthropy Sustainable Supply Chain Community Relations Product and Service Management099 102 1071052023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 098 097 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report
099 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 100 The Company focuses on consumption support and education support to provide continuous support for rural revitalisation and common prosperity, and is committed to share its development achievements with society with the continuous implementation of a variety of philanthropic programmes to enhance people's well-being with its hallmark Sinopec-style support.
As results, continuous consumption assistance helped generate income for farmers in the assisted areas, accelerating the formulation of a three-driving assistance model of driving industry development with consumption assistance, driving revitalisation with industry growth, and driving development with education assistance and making greater contribution to rural revitalisation.
The Company further deepened the industry consumption assistance model, extending industrial assistance from farming and animal husbandry operations to producing processing.
The one county, one chain demonstration projects have achieved significant results.
To date, the quinoa industry in Dongxiang County has become a local pilar industry, and the orchid industry of Yuexi County was recognised as an outstanding case of Chinese branding assistance in rural revitalisation.
In Yingshang County Invested resources to help the local roosted duck egg industry scale up and become a local demonstration project, growing from village-level operations to more centralised business at the county level.
In Zeku County The yak beef cold chain distribution centre had been put into operation and sales of processed yak beef products started.
A Neighbourhood School for the People Organised experience sharing meetings regarding education assistance for rural revitalisation and initiated education assistance projects.
A total of 442 pairs of teachers were connected to allow the rural teachers to learn from the practical experience of experience teachers.
In Zeku County, Hungnam Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province, the Spring Bud Class for Girls had over 60 of graduates passed the college entrance score for two consecutive years.
The Bamboo Mountain Village Cabin project that supported by the Company was rated as a national A-class tourist homestay.
The Tangfan Yunshe in Dongxiang County, which was also supported by the Company, was named the village-level centre for sharing rural poverty alleviation experiences.
Upholding its commitment to supporting rural revitalisation and development aid through educational assistance, the Company continued to implement the series of its hallmark programmes, such as the Sinopec Rural Classroom for Retired Principals, Academician Classroom, Sinopec School Buddy, Micro-Light Plan, and Spring Bud Power Station, effectively supporting the development of grassroots level education with a centralised, three-dimensional, and paired model of educational assistance.
FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
101 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 102 Enhance market research and analysis, explore the application of new technologies, and continuously optimise, adjust, and innovate on operational modes.
Drivers' Home ProgrammeOver the years, Sinopec Corp. has initiated a series of philanthropic programmes, such as Warm Stations Programme, Driver's Home Programme for Truck Drivers, and Sinopec Lifeline Express Programme, to give back to society and practice its volunteer service spirit of dedication, fraternity, mutual-assistance, and progress.
Philanthropic Programmes Supply Chain ESG Risk Categories and Response MeasuresSinopec Corp. attaches great importance to supply chain management, and strives to adhere to the concepts of sunshine procurement and green procurement and actively integrate ESG concepts and requirements into the management system of suppliers and contractors.
The Company is committed to continuously optimising supply chain management, aiming at building a transparent, healthy, and honest ecosystem with supply chain partners through open and strategic cooperation.
Supplier Risk ManagementThe Company conducts supplier risk identification and assessment annually in accordance with risk assessment standards, evaluating supplier risks based on the likelihood and impact of risks.
ESG-related risks have been fully incorporated into the supplier risk identification process.
In 2023, a number of key supplier ESG risks were identified, such as business ethics and integrity, operational mode, supply chain security and stability, and HSE.
The Company also conducted risk level assessment, analysed risk factors, and formulated response strategies accordingly to further optimise its risk control mechanism and ensure its overall exposures to supply chain ESG risks are within a safe range.
Supplier ManagementThe Company is constantly optimising supply chain management, making efforts to strengthen supply chain management system and capabilities.
Adhering to the principles of safety, timeliness, green, and economical, the Company strives to build a centralised supply management system, operation mechanism, management policies, business processes, supply resource platform, bidding platform, and electronic trading platform with ESG concept fully integrated.
The Company also actively implements the strategy of green and clean development.
In order to build a long-term mechanism for green procurement management with the characteristics of green, low-carbon, circular, and efficient, the Company has formulated the Sinopec Material Green Procurement Management Measures to standardise the green procurement of materials required for production and construction, putting forward specific requirements for green supply resource management, green procurement implementation, green logistics management, and green management of waste materials.
In 2023, a total of 166 Warm Stations were set up at Sinopec service stations in Guangdong, Guangxi, Jiangxi and other places, offering free refuelling and the 1 10 X services, including emergency medicine, hot water, vehicle repairing, etc., for homebound migrant worker motorcyclists.
A total of 9, 480 Sinopec volunteers provided services to 10. 3 million holiday travallers and 132 thousand person-times of homebound motorcyclists.
As of the end of 2023, the Warm Stations Programme had cumulatively provided services to over 57. 8 million holiday travellers, including over 4. 58 million homebound motorcyclists.
Over 53, 000 volunteers participated and offered free refuelling for 94 thousand motorcycles, distributed 110 thousand gift bags and 230 thousand pieces of amenity items, such as raincoats, knee warmers, neck warmers, and safety vests, etc., shipped over 940, 000 kilograms of luggage and New Year Goodies free of charge, provided over 1. 02 million litres of ginger tea, and offered free medicine and medical services to 257 thousand people.
The Drivers' Home Programme provides long-haul truck drivers with a place to rest at Sinopec service stations, with dining options, hot water, as well as amenity services such as hot shower, laundry, parking, and cell-phone charging, etc.
In 2023, the Drivers' Home Programme offered a Chinese New Year refuelling gift package to 1, 000 long-haul truck driver couples, with which they can enjoy free rest, showing, laundry and other amenity services at over 800 Sinopec service stations in Guangdong throughout the year.
As of the end of 2023, Sinopec Corp. had cumulatively operated 6, 033 Love Stations, including 1, 602 stations in 2023, and 4, 098 Drivers' Home stations, including 512 stations in 2023.
Warm Stations Programme Sinopec Lifeline Express Programme 2022 2023 Indicators Total employee volunteer service times (10, 000 person-times) Total employee volunteer service hours ( 10, 000 hours)96. 5 160. 197. 2 165. 5In 2023, Sinopec Lifeline Express travelled to three locations, Bayingol Mongolian Autonomous Prefecture in Xinjiang, Jincheng in Shanxi, and Shaoguan in Guangdong, providing free cataract surgery for a total of 3, 483 patients, bringing light and hope to impoverished cataract patients.
Meanwhile, the programme extended its impact to eye care awareness education in campuses in Xinjiang and Shanxi with activities such as eye care knowledge lectures, pop quizzes, and painting experiences to propogate the knowledge on eye care.
Suppliers are encouraged to develop green technologies and products, and make joint efforts to promote the low-carbon transformation in the supply chain.
During supplier qualification review, credit certification, quality evaluation, etc., the Company emphasises on the green certification and corporate social responsibility performance of suppliers, encouraging suppliers to provide qualifications, standards, and related certification materials related to green procurement in their profile information, and urging suppliers to improve their relevant management performance.
As of the of 2023, the Company's monitoring of supplier anti-corruption behaviour has covered more than 26, 000 qualified suppliers.
Green Procurement Sunshine Procurement When suppliers register on the EPEC platform, they are required to sign the Business Integrity Commitment and the Compliance Commitment Letter, committing to refraining from any corruption and commercial bribery, tax violations, unfair competition, environmental pollution, dishonesty, or other violations, and to complying with the anti- corruption regulations of both parties.
Supplier with incidents such as failing to comply with commitments or violating integrity commitment, or suppliers with compliance risks, will be disciplined with measures such as termination or temporary suspension of trading qualifications, which will be publicly disclosed on the EPEC platform.
Their supplier accounts at the EPEC platform shall be frozen, closed, or deleted accordingly.
Supplier training covers the Company's material supply management concept, summary of bidding-related policies, EPEC platform introduction, as well as the relevant business processes and operations.
Suppliers are required to further improve their management of green procurement, safety management, operational compliance, and risk prevention and control, etc.
As of end of 2023, a total of 11, 109 suppliers have completed the legal entity credit certification.
In 2023, the Company conducted due diligent surveys of 2, 450 suppliers, and a total of 11, 173 suppliers have received due diligence surveys cumulatively, Qualification Review Suppliers are reviewed regarding their production and operation qualifications, HSE system certification, quality management system certification, etc., with a focus on environmental protection requirements such as HSE management system certification, pollution discharge permit, energy management system certification, green product certification, and low-carbon product certification, etc.
In 2023, the Company revised its supplier qualification audit standards, further standardising the requirements for suppliers' HSE management, and requiring a comprehensive review of the safety, environmental, and occupational health management of suppliers.
Supplier Registration Supplier Qualification Assessment Supplier Evaluation Supplier Due Diligence 2023 Indicators Total number of suppliers assessed via desk assessments on-site assessments Percentage of significant suppliers assessed ( ) Number of suppliers assessed with substantial actual potential negative impacts Percentage of suppliers with substantial actual potential negative impacts with agreed corrective action improvement plan ( ) Number of suppliers with substantial actual potential negative impacts that were terminated26, 186 72. 8 1, 794 31. 0 220Supplier Management ProceduresSupplier Violation Disciplining Supplier Training Contractor ManagementTo continuously encourage contractors into enhancing their responsibility performance, the Company has incorporated ESG-related requirements such as openness and transparency, integrity, anti-corruption, HSE qualification and management, in its management system and policies, such as the Sinopec Management Measures for Market Integrity System of Construction Projects, the Regulations on Sinopec Quality Accident Management, the Management Regulations on Sinopec Production Safety Accident, the Management Measures on Sinopec's Scoring and Quantitative Assessment of Project Contractors, and the Management Regulations on Sinopec Engineering Construction and Maintenance Contractors.
All contractors are required to sign the Business Integrity Commitment and the Business Integrity Agreement, and contractors who violated the provisions will be included in the blacklist of Sinopec's engineering construction.
The Company also entrusted third-party credit rating agencies to conduct compliance and integrity evaluations of contractors and give them a comprehensive credit rating, reducing business risks with motivations for compliance and disciplinary actions for incidents of non-compliance.
FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
105 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 106 COMMUNITY RELATIONS Both project proposals and feasibility study reports contain a section on environmental protection, with environmentally sensitive targets identified.
Community Communication Project Proposal Development Formulation of Construction Plans Environmental Protection AcceptanceConduct environmental impact assessments, commission third-party evaluation agencies to prepare environmental impact assessment reports, solicit opinions and suggestions from community residents during the public consultation stage of environmental impact assessment, and incorporate the requirements of environmental impact assessment approval into the environmental protection section of the construction plan.
All new projects shall apply for and obtain all applicable national and local administrative approval procedures, such as project approval, registration, safety assessment, environmental impact assessment, energy assessment, stability assessment, etc., and ensure that project construction complies with relevant requirements.
CIR in Kazakhstan Mansarovar in Colombia UDM in Russia Indicators Staff localisation ratio Percentage of localised procurement96. 9 68. 7 97 98. 6 99 100 2022 2023 Indicators Number of overseas employees Of which Percentage of female employees ( ) Of which Percentage of female employees among management staff ( ) Employee localisation rate ( )4, 045 28. 5 11. 3 97. 94, 120 29. 4 11. 2 97. 8Sinopec Corp. actively identifies, assesses, and mitigates the potential impacts of its operations on neighbouring communities during business operations, continuously improves community communication, respects local cultural backgrounds and customs, and strives to jointly contribute to the common development and prosperity of both the enterprise and the communities.
Community Relations Management Policies and SystemsThe Company strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations where it operates, and has formulated and complies with community relations management policies and systems, as well as relevant social responsivities norms, following the principles of integrity and compliance, win-win cooperation, paying pack to communities, and contributing to local prosperity, so as to continuously foster friendly relations with local communities.
The Company actively understands and responds to the needs of various stakeholders, formulates social responsibility policies that are in line with the interests of both the Company and the communities, and is committed to protecting the interests of the communities.
The Company regularly carries out community townhalls, face-to-face visits, and phone and email communications to help local communities and the public better understand how Sinopec Corp. fulfils its social responsibilities and forster a strong understanding of what the Company does and trust in the Company.
Sinopec's overseas subsidiaries attach great important to the communication and engagement with indigenous peoples.
Our overseas subsidiaries strictly abide by relevant laws, regulations, public policies, and standards where they operate.
Sinopec Corp. establishes an environmental information disclosure system that ensures timely and lawful disclosure of environmental information.
The Company sets up pollutant discharge signs outside the stations where pollutants are discharged, which display information such as the main processes, types of pollutants produced, and amount of pollutants discharged.
Complaint hotlines are also provided for the public to report any environmental issues, as part of the communication mechanism with local communities regarding ecological and environmental issues.
Overseas subsidiaries often hold public hearings in the communities where they operate before engaging in important construction and production activities.
This allows locals to voice their opinions and ensures that community and resident interests are properly protected.
In 2023, all Sinopec subsidiaries conducted environmental information disclosure in accordance with laws and regulations, and there was no incident of penalties due to inadequate information disclosure.
Adhering to the commitment of Opening the Door to Run Enterprises, the Company has been organising the Sinopec Public Open Day event for eleven consecutive years.
Stakeholder representatives, including community residents, students, government workers, and media reporters, were invited to visit Sinopec subsidiaries in nearly a hundred cities across China, building a bridge for communication between the Company and the general public.
As of the end of 2023, more than 230, 000 people have visited Sinopec facilities cumulatively through the Public Open Day events, and its online live broadcasts attracted over 80 million views cumulatively, making the event the largest Public Open Day event in scale among all industrial enterprises in China.
In 2023, 78 Sinopec subsidiaries organised a total of 376 Public Open Day events with 24, 342 visitors offline and a total participation of 6, 314, 921 people.
Our overseas subsidiaries attach great importance to the compliance with behaviour norms of security personnel in respecting human rights, and have been gradually improving relevant management approaches, including but not limited to sharing values in security training, correcting specific behaviours in the process of security personnel performing their duties, and incorporating relevant responsibility considerations in security audits and evaluations.
In addition, our overseas projects have established a complaint and grievance mechanism respectively for local communities and the public.
Community EngagementThe Company attaches great importance to the engagement with local communities, and is dedicated to contributing to local community development and economic prosperity and achieving win-win development.
Our overseas subsidiaries strictly comply with local tax laws and regulations, abide by international safety, health, and environmental protection standards, give priority to the employment of local employees, and cultivate local talents, aiming at improving the well-being of residents in local communities.
In addition, overseas projects of the Company strictly adhere to the relevant laws and regulations of the operating location, prioritise the use of local suppliers, and encourage and support the development of local industries and manufacturers.
In 2023, the overseas projects of the Company, such as Mansarovar in Colombia, CIR in Kazakhstan, and Block 18 in Angola, implemented a variety of community services and investment activities, including water purification device installation, church renovation, assistance to students in need, donations to orphanages, etc., extending our support and help to support local development.
CASE CIR in Kazakhstan Cultivating Local TalentsCIR in Kazakhstant focuses on cultivating local talents, strives to continuously increase the proportion of local employees, effectively safeguard employee rights, and provide employees with competitive salary and benefits.
The various subsidiaries of CIR continued to optimise their training and career development support systems, allocating 1 of production expenses for local employee training, helping employees continuously improve their professional skills and actively empowering them to pursue career development.
Our overseas subsidiaries have established a community affairs consultation mechanism.
Before any major designs, plans, and environmental permits are approved, they will organise public hearings and consultations to ensure that the impact of the construction and production activities on the environment complies with local environmental regulations as well as public expectations.
FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
107 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 108 Adhering to the customer-centred service concept, Sinopec Corp. is committed to providing customers with high-quality and convenient services, and continuously improving customer satisfaction.
The Company attaches great importance to the protection of customer privacy, and fully implements the requirements of relevant laws and regulations such as the Personal Information Protection Law, following the principles and requirements including lawfulness and integrity, clearance and reasonability, necessity based, openness and transparency, accuracy, completeness, and security protection, etc.
The Company takes the protection of customer privacy as an important component of the operational safety of the enterprise, and the Board of Directors is the highest governance body for the protection of customer privacy.
The Company strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations such as the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, forbidding false or exaggerated marketing communications and requiring all advertising to be truthful, accurate, and fair.
In addition, the Company further strengthened its product branding, product packaging, and the management of promotional material to improve its overall brand image.
Customer Service Standardisation Product Database Product Knowledge Base Expert Service System Indicators Sales of Oil Products 2023 Sales of Chemicals 2023 85. 7 6 94. 1 11 100 0Optimisation of the Quality Management System In response to the quality issues of adulterated oil products in the market, the Company proposed the concept of intrinsic quality safety for refined oil products, took the lead to conduct research on unauthorised components adulterated in refined oil products and the harms they might cause, and innovatively established the internal control indicator system of refined oil products, which was the first in China and could effectively reduce the risks associated with externally sourced oil products.
Life Cycle Management of Oil ProductsQuality Information SystemQuality Control SystemInternal Control Indicator System for Externally Sourced Oil Products Supplier Management System Quality Culture Quality Inspection SystemSales of Oil Products Sales of ChemicalsOptimised refuelling service and pay-inside procedures, and organised retail skill competitions to promote the full-scale application of new service procedures.
Consolidated premium industry resources such as manufacturing subsidiaries of Sinopec Corp, research institutes, and external equipment and technical partners, and built a product knowledge base consisting of modules such as new product offerings, star product promotions, industry expert lectures, etc., allowing customers to learn about new products and specialty materials efficiently and precisely.
Information is categorised by level, by product line, and by application area, allowing customers to enjoy professional and timely technical support with more timely, convenient, professional, and accurate technical services.
Customer Service Management Refuelling ServiceAdopted a centralised operation model, with the national customer service centre answering 350, 000 customer calls on average each month, and continuously improved response rate and handling rate of customer calls.
PRODUCT AND SERVICE MANAGEMENTSinopec Corp. always puts customer needs and satisfaction first and is committed to constantly improving product quality and services.
The Company provides customers with high-quality products and services by strictly controlling quality checkpoints and improving service management processes, effectively protecting customer rights, and continuously improving customer satisfaction.
Quality ManagementIn strict accordance with the laws and regulations such as the Product Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, the Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Standardisation Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company has revised five management documents, such as the Measures for the Quality Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, the Refined Oil Products and Natural Gas Quality Accident Liability Regulations, and the Regulations on the Quality Risk Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, etc., to effectively strengthen the identification and control of quality risks, stick to our high-quality commitment that every drop of oil is a promise, and take concrete actions to protect the premium quality and honesty measuring reputation of Sinopec Corp.
A total of 570 thousand batches of oil products were sampled for testing, with a 100 passing rate, including 23 thousand batches examined externally by national and provincial level inspection organisations.
In addition, 46 marketing subsidiaries, 97. 9 of all sales subsidiaries, had completed the third-party certification of ISO9001 quality management system.
In 2023, the Company revised three system policies, including the Sinopec Material Supply Quality Management Measures, the Sinopec Material Quality Acceptance Inspection Management Measures, and the Sinopec Equipment Material Supervision and Manufacturing Management Measures, completed the quantitative evaluation of material supply quality management for 23 subsidiaries, and conducted evaluation and inspection on 73 suppliers and authorised manufacturers.
Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use intensity (cubic metre RMB million) Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use revenue (RMB million)COD (tonnes) Ammonia and nitrogen (tonnes) Sulphur dioxide (tonnes) Nitrogen oxides (tonnes) VOCs (tonnes) Solid waste (thousand tonnes) Solid waste intensity (tonne RMB million) Solid waste recycled reused (thousand tonnes) Solid waste disposed (thousand tonnes) Amount disposed by third-parties (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste intensity (tonne RMB million) Hazardous waste recycled reused (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste disposed (thousand tonnes) Amount disposed by third-parties (thousand tonnes)Emissions, Effluents and Wastes 4, 550 71 4, 661 19, 984 49, 714 1, 796. 4 0. 56 13, 967. 3 1, 912. 2 1, 796. 4 464. 8 0. 14 1, 009 675. 0 464. 8Indicators 5, 185 107 5, 117 20, 774 1, 931. 6 0. 70 461. 0 0. 17 2021 4, 755 75 4, 910 19, 247 51, 119 2, 036. 9 0. 61 12, 821. 7 2, 158. 8 2, 036. 9 515. 0 0. 16 1, 069 1, 253. 1 515. 02022 2023GHGs Emissions and Management GHGs emissions (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Of which Direct GHGs emissions Indirect GHGs emissions Of which Exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing and distribution segment GHGs emissions intensity (tonnes CO 2-equivalent RMB million) CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) Methane recovery (million cubic metres) Methane emissions (million cubic metres) Of which Exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing and distribution segment168. 64 142. 28 26. 36 20. 33 146. 70 1. 61 52. 50 1, 749 874 250. 21 216. 55 14. 78 18. 88Indicators 172. 56 148. 38 24. 18 22. 47 148. 34 1. 75 62. 96 1, 520 717 299. 90 269. 88 10. 01 20. 012021 161. 79 137. 72 24. 07 20. 36 139. 82 1. 61 48. 76 1, 534 834 253. 79 222. 32 11. 06 20. 412022 2023 Note 1Note 1 Note 2 Note 3 Note 4 Note 5Note 2 The Company conducts GHGs emission (direct and indirect) accounting and verification according to ISO14064-1 2006 standards, covering six gases including carbon dioxide (CO 2), methane (CH 4), nitrous oxide (N 2O), hydro fluoro carbons (HFCs), per fluorinated compounds (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF 6).
GHGs emissions increased slightly in 2023 due to production growth and asset acquisitions.
GHGs emissions intensity (tonnes CO 2-equivalent RMB million) Greenhouse gas emissions revenue (RMB million) This report discloses the emissions of oilfield, refinery, and professional subsidiaries included in the Company's list of key pollution discharge permit management units, with data calculated based on self-monitoring data.
The ultimate emissions data are subject to data published by local environmental authorities.
Hazardous waste intensity (tonne RMB million) amount of hazardous waste revenue (RMB million)Note 1 Note 2 Note 1 Note 2 Note 3 Note 4 Note 5 Note 1 Note 2KEY PERFORMANCE KEY PERFORMANCE
111 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 112 374, 791 43, 826 224, 068 106, 897 258, 762 116, 029 31. 0 13. 45 36. 53 31. 13 23, 780 351, 011 349, 964 4. 2 20, 891 12, 082 8, 809 14, 088 6, 722 81 15, 046 0. 69 0. 60 0. 97 2. 65 0. 59 0. 30 0. 60 0. 23 0. 71 100 80 100368, 009 48, 819 209, 558 109, 632 254, 938 113, 071 30. 73 13. 63 36. 46 30. 64 31, 199 336, 810 345, 025 4. 36 28, 941 15, 069 13, 872 15, 740 12, 788 413 18, 425 0. 50 0. 45 0. 62 1. 73 0. 39 0. 17 0. 25 0. 22 0. 54 100 87 100Total number of employees Of which Employees aged 30 years and below Employees aged between 31 and 50 years Employees aged 51 years and over Of which Male employees Female employees Percentage of female employees ( ) Percentage of female employees in management ( ) Percentage of female employees in technological staff ( ) Percentage of female employees in operational staff ( ) Of which Master degree or above Bachelor or below Of which Full time employees Percentage of ethnic minority employees ( ) Number of employees newly hired during reporting period Of which Male employees Female employees Of which Employees 30 years of age and below Employees between 31 and 50 years of age Employees 51 years of age and over Number of employees turnover during reporting period Turnover rate ( ) Of which Turnover rate of male employees ( ) Turnover rate of female employees ( ) Of which Turnover rate of employees aged 30 years and below ( ) Turnover rate of employees aged between 31 and 50 years ( ) Turnover rate of employees aged 51 years and over ( ) Of which Turnover rate of senior management staff ( ) Turnover rate of mid-level management staff ( ) Turnover rate of grassroots employees ( ) Social insurance coverage ( ) Enterprise annuity coverage ( ) Percentage of employees with labour union membership ( )385, 751 41, 029 243, 706 101, 016 262, 108 123, 643 32. 1 12. 91 21, 839 363, 852 4. 0 21, 062 11, 797 0. 64 0. 56 0. 87 3. 10 0. 56 0. 16 100 81. 48 100EmploymentSocial Performance Indicators 1, 725, 129 6, 152, 170 51, 432, 900 87. 3 14, 637, 601 35. 71 55. 28 55. 64 59. 15 55. 37 52. 81 39. 26 38. 27 95. 77 93. 63 87. 381, 442, 848 6, 375, 520 60, 847, 600 99. 3 14, 815, 488 39. 53 58. 31 58. 68 61. 35 58. 56 54. 21 42. 74 41. 63 96. 28 94. 75 89. 631, 979, 853 1, 390, 561 589, 292 2, 610 28, 757 1, 111, 807 5, 895, 570 50, 855, 000 99. 4 100 100 99. 3 20, 675, 680 56. 18 57. 15 54. 06 70. 52 60. 23 55. 78 43. 67 43. 35 98. 53 97. 61 92. 35Vocational training participation (person-time) Of which Training participation of male employees Training participation of female employees Of which Training participation of senior management staff Training participation of mid-level management staff Training participation of grassroots employees Online training participation (person-time) Total amount of online training (hours Vocational training coverage ( ) Of which Vocational training coverage of senior management staff ( ) Vocational training coverage of mid-level management staff ( ) Vocational training coverage of grassroots employees ( ) Total amount of vocational training (hours) Average training hours of employees (hours) Of which Average training hours of male employees (hours) Average training hours of female employees (hours) Of which Average training hours of senior management staff (hours) Average training hours of mid-level management staff (hours) Average training hours of grassroots employees (hours) Of which Training participation rate of male employees ( ) Training participation rate of female employees ( ) Of which Training participation rate of senior management staff ( ) Training participation rate of mid-level management staff ( ) Training participation rate of grassroots employees ( )Training Indicators 2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023KEY PERFORMANCE KEY PERFORMANCE
113 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 114 25, 072 23, 294 1, 778 30. 6 11, 952 47. 7 8, 511 34. 0 7, 999 31. 9 5. 1 86. 0 96. 7 26, 186 24, 446 1, 740 30. 5 10, 815 41. 3 9, 208 35. 2 7, 869 30. 0 5. 6 86. 7 97. 0 26, 186 72. 8 1, 794 31. 0 22026, 768 24, 917 1, 851 29. 8 11, 634 43. 5 9, 271 34. 6 8, 273 30. 9 5. 8 86. 0 96. 9 Number of suppliers passed qualification assessment Of which Number of suppliers from mainland China Number of oversea suppliers Percentage of suppliers qualified by QHSE management system ( ) Number of suppliers qualified by the quality management system (ISO9000) Percentage of suppliers qualified by the quality management system (ISO9000) ( ) Number of suppliers qualified by the environmental management system (ISO14000) Percentage of suppliers qualified by the environmental management system (ISO14000) ( ) Number of suppliers qualified by the occupational health and safety management system (ISO18000) Percentage of suppliers qualified by the occupational health and safety management system (ISO18000) ( ) Percentage of procurement from the top 5 suppliers ( ) Percentage of procurement through tender ( ) Percentage of procurement by open tender ( ) Total number of suppliers assessed via desk assessments on-site assessments Percentage of significant suppliers assessed ( ) Number of suppliers assessed with substantial actual potential negative impacts Percentage of suppliers with substantial actual potential negative impacts with agreed corrective action improvement plan ( ) Number of suppliers with substantial actual potential negative impacts that were terminated2 2 0. 1147 0. 00071 58 331 99. 9 121 2 0. 07046 0. 00045 59 332 99. 9 101 1 0. 05052 0. 00023 5, 586 59 333 99. 9 4Workplace health and safety Supply Chain Number of accidents reported Number of deaths due to production safety accidents Total recorded accident (Incident) rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) Lost workdays due to work-related injuries (days) Number of production safety emergency drills (10, 000 times) Participation of production safety emergency drills (10, 000 person-times) Employee occupational health examination coverage ( ) Number of newly diagnosed cases of occupational diseases2021 2022 2023 Indicators Indicators 2021 2022 2023KEY PERFORMANCE KEY PERFORMANCE
115 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 116 INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORTINDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT
117 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 118 INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT
119 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 120 INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT
121 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 122 The types of emissions and respective emissions data.
Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced.
Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.
General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer.
Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year.
Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.
General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equity opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.
General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards.
General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour.
KPI B1. 1 KPI B1. 2 KPI B2. 1 KPI B2. 2 KPI B2. 3 KPI B3. 1 KPI B3. 2 KPI B4. 1 KPI B4. 2N A Note 1N A Note 2 The indicator is not applicable since the main products sold by the Company are energy and chemical products.
The indicator is not applicable, because the Company has calculated and disclosed the total recorded accident (incident) rate per 200, 000 working-hours and the fatal accident rate per 200, 000 working-hours in accordance with the OSHA standards instead.
Note 1 Note 2 REPORT CONTENT INDEXES REPORT CONTENT INDEXES
123 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 124 102-104 107-108 23114 102-104 102 103 108 108 27 107 108 25 24 26 25 99-101 105-106 99-101 105-106UNGC Ten Principles Index Scope UNGC's Ten Principles Pages Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs BSocial Operating Practices CommunityAspect B5 Supply Chain Management Aspect B8 Community InvestmentAspect B6 Product Responsibility Aspect B7 Anti- corruptionPages Number of suppliers by geographical region.
Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored.
Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.
Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored.
Resources contributed (e. g., money or time) to the focus area.
Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with.
Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored.
Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored.
General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests.
General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.
General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights.
Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining.
Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges.
Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery.
Actions Disclosure Index in 2023 (Pages) 99-101 87-90 99 53-54 77-80 83-84 77-80 83-84 102-104 107-108 95-96 100 38-56 87-90 73-74 69 73-74 51-56 23-26 90 92-93 95-96 31-34 39 52-54TCFD Index TCFD recommended disclosures Pages 38 38 41-42 41-42 39-42 38 41-42 38 41-42 39-42 39-43 109 43 109 39-56a) b) a) b) c) a) b) c) a) b) c)Describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.
Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and TargetsREPORT CONTENT INDEXES REPORT CONTENT INDEXES
127 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report FEEDBACK Open-ended questions What do you like the most of this report?
What other information do you think that should be included in this report?
What are your suggestions that how we can better prepare our sustainable development progress report in the future?
Your opinions and suggestions are important to us and can help us improve the preparation of future reports.
This report responds to and discloses information about the concerns of stakeholders.
The information, indicators and data disclosed in this report are clear, accurate and complete.
This report is easy to read, i. e., its structure, content, wording and layout are well designed.
Content Very good Good Fair Poor Very poorUNGC Advanced Level Criteria Index Criteria for UNGC Advanced Level Scope Environmental Stewardship ImplementationPages 3 3 9 10 121 87-88 88 88 87-96 87 89 87-96 87-96 87-96 38-40 44-45 49 51 60-74 60-74 59-64 45-56 65-74 23 23-24 24-26 25 102-104 107-108 Report Information Report Information 115-120Criterion 1 Criterion 2 Criterion 3 Criterion 4 Criterion 5 Criterion 6 Criterion 7 Criterion 8 Criterion 9 Criterion 10 Criterion 11 Criterion 12 Criterion 13 Criterion 14 Criterion 15 Criterion 16 Criterion 17 Criterion 18 Criterion 19 Criterion 20 Criterion 21 Criterion 22 Criterion 23 Criterion 24 Key aspects of the Company's advanced level sustainability strategy in line with Global Compact principles Effective decision-making processes and systems of governance for corporate sustainability Engagement with all important stakeholders Actions taken in support of broader UN goals and issue Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of human rights Effective management systems to integrate the human rights principle Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms of human rights integration Key outcomes of the human rights integration Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of Labour Effective management systems to integrate the Labour principle Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms of the labour principle integration Key outcomes of the Labour principle integration Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of environmental stewardship Effective management systems to integrate the environmental principle Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for environmental stewardship Key outcomes of the environmental principle integration Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of anti-corruption Effective management systems to integrate the anti-corruption principle Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for the integration of anti- corruption Key outcomes of the anti-corruption principle integration Implementation of the Global Compact principles in the value chain The COP provides information on the Company's profile and context of operation The COP incorporates high standards of transparency and disclosure The COP is independently verified by a credible third-partyStrategy Governance and Engagement UN Goals and Issues Human Rights Implementation Labour Principles Implementation Anti-Corruption Implementation Value Chain Implementation Transparency and VerificationREPORT CONTENT INDEXES FEEDBACK 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 128
Address No. 22 Chaoyangmen North Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC Zip code 100728 Tel 86 - 10 - 59960028 Fax 86 - 10 - 59960386 Website http www.
com listco en This report is printed on environmentally friendly paper
