Sustainability Report 2023
Technology Lights Up a Bright Future Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility
CONTENTS About the Report Responsibility Message03 04 GRI Standard Index Independence Assurance Report vivo Certification List Feedback Form76 79 80 8001 02 About vivo Company Profilevivo Historical Events Products Honors and AwardsSustainability Governance Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Governance 03 Technology Sharing Unleashing the Power of Innovation Promoting Digital Inclusion Product Safety and Reliability Whole-Hearted Customer Service05 09 3605 06 07 0810 11 38 4315 17 22 29 3404 Green Symbiosis Eco-Friendly Products Green Operation 05 Value Creation Employee Growth Win-win Cooperation Industrial Co-Prosperity51 53 60 6206 Community Responsibility Sound Operation Business Ethics Public Welfare Global Welfare66 68 70 72 75
03 About the ReportThis report is the third sustainability report ( the Report ) released by vivo Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as vivo, the Company, or we ) to the public.
The preparation of 2023 Sustainability Report remains the same as in 2022, with any changes noted separately.
Basis of Preparation This Report is prepared with reference to the GRI Sustainable Development Report Standards (hereinafter referred to as GRI Standards ) issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (hereinafter referred to as GRI ), the Sustainable Development Goals (hereinafter referred to as SDGs ) of the United Nations and the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact (hereinafter referred to as UNGC ).
Scope of This Report The organizational scope of this Report covers all entities of the Company that have control or significant influences over financial and operational policies and measures.
The information and data in this Report cover the concepts, important progress, management practices, etc, of vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries1 from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023.
Data Sources All the data used in this Report is from vivo's internal official documents, statistical reports, third-party questionnaire surveys, and relevant public information.
External Assurance This report has completed SGS s independent assurance, in review the reliability of the sources and data handling of the relevant information disclosed in the Report (Page 79 for details).
Availability This independent Report is released in September 2024 in Chinese and English versions.
com en activity csr Feedback If you have any questions or feedback on this Report and contents, please contact us by Email CSR vivo.
com 1Subsidiaries include vivo Mobile Communication (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd, Shenzhen iQOO Communication Software Co., Ltd, vivo Mobile Communication (Chongqing) Co., Ltd, vivo Mobile Communication (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd, vivo Software Technology Co., Ltd, Xi an vivo Software Technology Co., Ltd, iQOO Software Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd and Nanjing vivo Software Technology Co., Ltd.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
04 Finding Happiness by Creating Happiness for AllResponsibility Message Shen Wei vivo Founder President, and CEO Over the past 29 years since vivo's establishment, we have come a long way.
Our confidence comes from our ability to find certainty.
The answer lies in our original aspiration.
The more chaotic the environment, the more we need to reconnect with our original aspiration, our initial goal, and the principles that guided us from the start.
However, this happiness cannot be self-serving.
Therefore, a company s foremost purpose is to create happiness for all.
The most fundamental social responsibility of a company is to operate with continuity and stability.
At vivo, we are dedicated to creating exceptional products for over 500 million users, enhancing the lives of tens of thousands of employees and their families, driving progress across the industrial chain, and delivering fair returns to our shareholders.
Every step we take is about creating value and happiness and in doing so, we too find our own sense of fulfillment.
Our Company creates happiness by utilizing technologies to light up a bright future.
As our capabilities grow, so does our ability to make a greater impact.
By aligning our business with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), we have identified four key strategic directions for sustainable development technology sharing, green symbiosis, value creation, and community responsibility.
Through promoting digital inclusiveness, adhering to green development principles, and fostering a mutually beneficial value ecosystem, we are committed to bringing more happiness and beauty to the world.
Technology sharing means making technological advancements universally accessible, much like humanity s first use of fire.
vivo is dedicated to ensuring that everyone, regardless of their financial means, skill level, or knowledge, can benefit from technological progress and achieve what was once thought impossible.
In 2023, we launched the Blue Technology brand, which has since brought significant innovations.
Concertgoers seated far from the stage can now capture clear images of the performance, and professional creators are using smartphones to produce short films.
These examples highlight our commitment to detail, leaving users amazed and delighted, and we share in their joy.
Green symbiosis means that that both individuals and companies must choose to contribute positively to our shared and irreplaceable natural environment, rather than causing harm.
vivo has taken a significant step in this direction with the release of our vivo Low-Carbon Action White Paper, which addresses climate change challenges by focusing on carbon governance, carbon inventory, carbon goals, and carbon emission reduction.
We have completed the second phase of the photovoltaic power generation project at vivo headquarters, and implemented energy-saving optimizations in our production and office systems, saving approximately 7, 130 MWh of power per year.
Green is an everlasting journey, and vivo is committed to using technology to achieve excellence, transforming our responsibilities into business opportunities, and driving more sustainable operations through innovation.
Value creation stems not only from a combination of wisdom but also from a shared resonance of values and ideals.
The tide of the times can make greatness but also break heroes.
We are committed to implementing generative large models at the edge, continuously expanding capabilities of mobile imaging, defining an All Big Core for chips, and engaging in setting standards in communication fields such as emergency positioning services and network protection.
Through these efforts, we are fostering the healthy and sustainable development of the industry.
Social welfare is about spreading love and care to every corner of the world.
An ecosystem does not necessarily mean the natural environment.
While technology is indeed powerful, it cannot address every need.
This is why companies must work to balance societal needs with technological progress by actively supporting social welfare initiatives.
Through vivo smartphones, visually impaired users can see the world around them, effectively turning their phones into a portable electronic guide dog.
This development excites us and highlights the incredible potential of AI and imaging technology in advancing social welfare.
We are also witnessing the transformative power of technology in advancing aesthetic education.
The Capture the Future Public Welfare Program has been cultivating rural aesthetic education for more than two years, spreading creativity and beauty across six counties in four provinces.
Every summer, children are invited to visit vivo s global headquarters, where, guided by our volunteers, they explore laboratories and experience the intersection of design, imaging, and technology.
These aesthetic education activities not only broaden the children s horizons but also ignite their imaginations.
As vivo continues to expand globally, the program reached new heights in 2023, extending its impact to multiple countries and regions in Southeast Asia and Latin America.
This expansion creates new opportunities for the holistic development of impoverished children in developing countries.
For 29 years, we have found happiness in cultivating relationships with our business partners, society, and nature.
This seed, in turn, becomes the source of our own happiness, allowing us to grow and experience inner peace and satisfaction.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
05 About vivo Company Profile vivo at a Glance vivo is a design-driven technology company that creates great products with intelligent terminals and intelligent services as the core.
vivo's Strength vivo has fully absorbed and developed local talent resources and deployed an extensive R&D network covering Shenzhen, Dongguan, Nanjing, Beijing, Hangzhou, Shanghai, Xi'an, and other cities, focusing on the frontier fields of 5G communications, artificial intelligence, industrial design, imaging technology and many other personal consumer electronics products and services.
Thanks to vivo's intelligent manufacturing network (including brand licensing), today, vivo has an annual production capacity of nearly 200 million units, providing high-quality products and services to more than 500 million users in more than 60 countries and regions.
vivo's Mission and Vision vivo implements sustainability strategies throughout the value chain and upholds the corporate mission of create great products for users, create a joyful and progressive environment for employees, create win-win platforms for partners based on mutual trust, and render steady long-term returns on investment for shareholders.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
06 Historical Events 1995 Company was founded.
Company's telephone sales ranked first in China.
Company entered the mobile phone market.
vivo officially started the global business.
vivo launched its new mobile operating system, OriginOS.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
07 Products X Fold series Professional folding technology flagship Smart terminal Multiple smart terminals that enrich users' digital experienceX Flip series High-end folding flagship V series Pioneering photography flagshipX series Professional photography technology flagshipDigital series Future e-sports flagship Smart terminal Multiple smart terminals that focus on e-sports Neo series New-generation performance flagshipZ series Super performance pioneerY series Ultra-slim body favored by everybody 07 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
08 Honors and Awards Company Brand 2vivo won the award in 2024.
National Science and Technology Progress Award First Prize 2 CPC Central Committee, State Council of PRC vivo X 100 series won the People s Choice Craftsmanship Award Craftsmanship Product by People s Daily People s Daily s 20th People s Choice Craftsmanship Award vivo s Capture the Future Public Welfare Program was awarded the Annual Rural Revitalization High-Quality Project by Southern Weekly Southern Weekly s 4th Dreamers Public Welfare Conferencevivo was awarded Responsible Brand of the Year in the 2023 Philanthropic Awards Ceremony by China Philanthropist and Weibo 2023 Philanthropic Awards Ceremonyvivo X 100 Pro was awarded Weibo s High-End Flagship Mobile Phone and Photography Flagship Mobile Phone of the Year Weibo Annual Mobile Phone Awardsvivo was awarded the Top 10 Earphone Brand in China for 2023 China Audio Industry Association (Earphone Branch)vivo X Fold, iQOO 11, and iQOO Neo 6 won the 2023 Red Dot Award German Red Dot Awardvivo V 29 5G was awarded the 2023 GadgetMatch Approved Smartphones GadgetMatchvivo X 100 was awarded Bilibili 2023 BILIBILI Z 100 Best Products Bilibili.
comNational High-tech Enterprise Ministry of Science and Technology, Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation of PRCNational Industrial Design Center & Enterprise Technology Center Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of PRCNational Intellectual Property Model Enterprise National Intellectual Property Office (NIPO) of PRCNational Standard Drafting Unit Standardization Administration of China (SAC), State Administration for Market Regulation (SAMR)Chinese Globalized Brands Top 202 2024 BrandZ Top 50 Chinese Globalized BrandsMost Valuable Chinese Brand Top 50 2023 Hurun Most Valuable Chinese BrandsFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Products Corporate Social Responsibility
09 02 Sustainability Governance09 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Governance
10 Technology Sharing Continuous technological innovation and fulfillment of digital responsibilities to bring users convenience and pleasure with technology and connect to a bright digital future.
Community Responsibility Robust development with strengthened management of risks and business ethics to care for communities, contribute to public welfare, and shore up a bright responsible future.
Sustainability Strategy vivo is committed to the vision of Healthier and More Sustainable development, embracing long-termism, engaging in sustainable development practices, and collaborating with various parties to create sustainable value for society.
Technology Lights Up a Bright Future Product and technalogy innovation Eco-friendly products Green operation Tackling climate change Employee development Responsible supply chain Joint progress with partners Industry cooperation and developmentInformation accessibility Safety and reliability User experience Community development Business ethics management Public welfare and charityCustomers Governm entsIndustry organization Cooperative partners EmployeesFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Aligning our own business activities with the United Nations' SDGs, we have set four major directions for sustainable development, namely technology sharing, green symbiosis, value creation, and community responsibility.
Technology sharing Community responsibilityValue creationGreen symbiosisCom m unities and the public
11 vivo s Sustainable Development Organizational StructureManagement Committee CSR Committee Responsible for managing and supervising key issues Special team Responsible for effective implementation and improvement of management initiativesConsisting of a director served by the Company s senior vice president and members including senior managers in various fieldsThe highest decision organization Consisting of experts in relevant fieldsSustainability Governance vivo integrates the sustainable development strategy into the whole process of business operation by setting up and constantly improving the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) management mechanism.
The Company's Management Committee (the highest decision-making body) has set up a CSR Committee, consisting of a director served by the Company's senior vice president and members including senior managers in various fields to ensure effective management and address sustainable development issues.
The CSR Committee is responsible for managing and supervising issues and ensures that the Company's CSR management meets the requirements and expectations of various stakeholders.
The CSR Committee holds quarterly meetings to discuss and make decisions on key issues, and report to the Management Committee.
The team is responsible for the effective implementation and improvement of management initiatives to further promote sustainable development.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
12 Stakeholders Customers and consumersRegulators and industry organizationsBusiness partners Employees Shareholder Communities and the public Main focus Main communication methodsProduct innovation and inclusion Product quality and safety Project lifecycle management User privacy protection High-quality customer serviceLegally compliant operation Contribution to industry development Creating social value Response to climate changeFair trade and contract performance in good faith Resource sharing and win-win cooperation Training empowerment Honest and transparent procurementGood working environment Remuneration, benefits, and incentives Career development and self-fulfillment Work-life balanceStable operation and management Company governance Financial performancePromoting the development of community utilities Public charity Protecting the ecological environment Transparent information communication and sharing Business meetings Partner exchange meetings Daily phone and email communication Information collaboration platformVarious daily employee communication channels Employee satisfaction survey Democratic management mechanism Enterprise open dayCompany annual report and results announcement Tele-phone calls, in-person meeting and on-site visitCompany news and media reports Public welfare programs On-site communicationBusiness meetings Product exhibitions and publicity materials Pre-sales communication and after-sales service New social mediaPolicy document study Government communication meetings at all levels Industry conferences and forums Academic research and standard formulation Project cooperation Reception of various visitsStakeholder Communication vivo values effective communication with stakeholders.
vivo continuously enhances its management capabilities on various issues, working together with stakeholders to promote sustainable development.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
13 We identified 22 issues in 4 dimensions from sources that include Guidelines and standard requirements for sustainability reporting; Corporate sustainable development status assessment and maturity analysis; Peer benchmarking analysis; Key concerns of important stakeholders.
Step 1 Issue Identification Step 2 Stakeholder Questionnaire Survey Step 3 Materiality AnalysisIssue Materiality Analysis According to the guidelines of the GRI Standards and ISO 26000 Guidance on Social Responsibility pertaining to methods for identifying and analyzing material issues, we identified 22 sustainable development concerns most closely related to corporate operations in the four dimensions of environmental responsibility, social responsibility, product responsibility and corporate governance, and we invited a wide range of stakeholders of vivo to participate in a questionnaire survey on sustainability issues.
Through comprehensive quantitative evaluation and prioritization, we developed the issue materiality matrix based on two dimensions of importance to the sustainable development of the Company and importance to the stakeholders.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
Importance to the stakeholders Importance to the sustainable development of the Company Environmental Responsibility Waste management Product lifecycle management Pollution prevention and control Tackling climate change Water management Biodiversity protection Social Responsibility Responsible procurement Input in society Employee training and development Occupational health and safety Industry cooperation and development Protection of minors in cyberspace Diversity, equity & inclusion Product Responsibility Product quality Customer service Product inclusion User privacy protection Corporate Governance Business ethics Sustainable development management Intellectual property rights protection Fair trade Information securityFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo 14
15 03 Technology Sharing Unleashing the Power of Innovation Promoting Digital Inclusion Product Safety and Reliability Whole-Hearted Customer Service15 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
16 Innovation in digital technologies such as artificial intelligence, Internet of Things (IoT), cloud computing and 5G are blooming, which has become an important force in driving changes in people s lives.
vivo adheres to the original aspiration of bringing happiness and beauty to people with technology, and strives to the integration of technological innovation and digital responsibility, empower users with safe, dependable, innovative and high-quality products and provides thoughtful, inclusive and diverse services for them, aiming to create a bright digital future where everyone equally benefits from technological innovations.
Accumulative number of patent applications worldwide over Number of Going Out service events held Number of countries and regions covered by overseas service centers Accumulative number of patents granted worldwide over 50, 700 646 7017, 500
17 Unleashing the Power of Innovation vivo has always been committed to user-oriented innovation, with design and technology at the heart of our advancements.
This commitment drives our ongoing enhancement of technology and craftsmanship, ensuring we deliver the most innovative experiences to our users.
In 2023, vivo launched Blue Technology, including BlueChip, BlueImage 3, BlueVolt, BlueLM, and BlueOS.
This initiative fully showcases our achievements in technological R&D and strengthens the foundation of vivo's core product competitiveness.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Blue Technology
18 BlueImage BlueImage is a collection of vivo's self-developed sensor technology, algorithms, and imaging chips.
The new BlueImage Algorithm Matrix strengthens our foundational algorithm capabilities from ultra-clear image quality, true color restoration, and enhanced computing acceleration.
This ensures clearer image quality and makes professional-grade imaging more accessible to a broader range of content creators.
In 2023, vivo and ZEISS launched the Vario-APO-Sonnar macro telephoto lens.
This lens, equipped with 200 million ultra-high pixels and APO top-level chromatic aberration control, meets users' diverse demands for telephoto and macro photography.
It also possesses DSLR-level CIPA 4. 5 anti-shake capabilities, ensuring clear image quality even in challenging shooting scenarios.
The X100 Pro became the only product in the mobile phone industry to receive ZEISS APO certification.
To further suppress glare and ghosting 4, the newly upgraded ZEISS T coating, featuring Multi-ALD 5 technology, significantly enhances light transmission and greatly reduces light reflection.
The reflectivity is reduced by 50 compared to the previous generation ALC coating, allowing for the accurate restoration of the original colors of the scene.
BlueChip The BlueChip exemplifies our deep research into core chip technology, showcasing vivo's self-developed imaging chip capabilities.
Through the seamless integration of software and hardware design, this innovation delivers enhanced performance and a superior user experience.
Collaborating with MediaTek, vivo has explored the Dimensity 9300 All Big Core CPU, developing capabilities across eight major areas, including AI, performance, imaging, and gaming.
The All Big Core CPU achieves a 40 increase in peak performance while reducing power consumption by 33, enabling dual-core connectivity between the system on a chip (SoC) and the V3 chip.
The new generation of self-developed imaging chip V3, built using 6nm process technology, enhances energy efficiency ratio by 30 compared to its predecessor.
At the same time, the V3 chip introduces the first 4K cinematic portrait mode on Android, which supports skin texture optimization, color processing, and focus switching to create cinema-level visual effects.
Users can edit videos, apply filters, and add music post-shoot, providing a richer and more enjoyable experience.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Next-Generation Flagship Next-Generation Flagship Next-Generation Flagship Impressive nighttime imaging Long focal length for clearer distant viewingImpressive nighttime imaging Better backlit portraitsSelf-Developed BlueImage Sensor TechnologySelf-Developed BlueImage Algorithm MatrixSelf-Developed BlueImage Imaging Chip
19 6The meaning of the 1 2 N intelligent system is as follows.
refers to Blue Heart Little V and Blue Heart Qianxun; N refers to the efficient, low-cost specialized large models created by developers relying on vivo's industry-first open-sourced 7-billion-parameter BlueLM, the corresponding fine-tuning framework, and the large model development kit BlueKit.
BlueLM vivo's BlueLM covers five self-developed large models with three parameter scales of one billion, ten billion and one hundred billion, effectively addressing core user scenarios.
We have integrated model capabilities with our system to create the 1 2 N intelligent system 6 experience, delivering advanced intelligent services for both users and developers.
These innovations contribute to a smarter, more user-friendly, and smoother system experience.
Blue Heart Little V As vivo's first global intelligent assistant system, it excels in natural dialogue, information processing, and insightful capabilities.
It supports voice, text, and drag-and-drop interactions, offering users with personal assistant intelligent services, including tasks such as writing, semantic search, image creation, and interaction.
It will be launched as a public mobile app on major mobile app markets, accessible to all vivo's BlueLM has won the industry's first 4-Star Trusted AI Large Model certification from the CAICT.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo New and Upgraded vivo Jovi InCar 4. 0 The new vivo Jovi InCar 4. 0, powered by BlueLM, boasts enhanced voice interaction capabilities.
Users can execute seven commands in navigation, music, and phone scenarios without the need for wake-up voice commands.
Additionally, the system allows voice control of the vehicle's display, leading to more streamlined interactions and smarter services, while also enhancing overall driving safety.
In 2023, the user base for vivo Jovi InCar expanded dramatically, growing from 40 million to 180 million users, with average daily usage exceeding 80 minutes.
This technology has been integrated into over 1, 360 vehicle models by more than 100 automotive brands.
Android and iOS users, enabling a seamless and user-friendly experience beyond just vivo devices.
New functionalities include a full-link parking assistant, meeting assistant, and family health manager, along with upgrades to the super power-saving mode and AI offline translation, offering convenient experiences in travel, work, and health scenarios.
BlueLM Matrix BlueLM 1B Text SummarlzationBlueLM 7B Language Understanding Text GenerationBlueLM 70B Rale Play Q&A DialogueBlueLM 130B Logical Reasoning Task SchedulingBlueLM 175B Commplex Logical Reasaning Complex Task Scheduling
20 BlueVolt vivo's BlueVolt combines a new large battery design with advanced software and hardware algorithm optimizations.
The vivo's Blue Ocean Battery utilizes three key technologies, namely carbon element recombination, laser etching, and pole piece remodeling, achieving high capacity, fast charging, and lightweight design.
With the implementation of a 100W dual-core flash charge, core component optimization, and system-level power consumption management, supported by an independent power management chip, the battery discharge efficiency reaches 99. 5.
BlueOS vivo's self-developed BlueOS is built around three core attributes being inherently smarter, smoother, and safer.
Smarter BlueOS is smarter by leveraging the capabilities of BlueLM, enabling users to interact through voice, images, and gestures, while offering developers new paradigms for application development, such as automatic code writing.
Smoother It achieves a smoother experience through its high-performance architectural design, which ensures the efficient allocation and utilization of hardware and software resources.
Safer BlueOS is safer as it is the industry's first operating system framework written in the Rust language, addressing security vulnerabilities caused by improper memory use, and ensuring the secure transmission and storage of user data and information.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo vivo s self-developed BlueOS SMARTER SMOOTHER SAFER
21 Intellectual Property Protection To protect the intellectual property of our products and Company, we have established a comprehensive intellectual property protection mechanism.
This includes the development of regulations and systems that encompass all R&D team members, such as the Company Intellectual Property Management Manual, Copyright Management Standards, and Intellectual Property Information Resource Management Procedures.
These measures are designed to maximize the protection and respect for intellectual property.
vivo has established a patent center and multiple teams responsible for the discovery, application, and protection of various intellectual property rights.
Incentive reward mechanism vivo has established an Intellectual Property Reward System for all employees, encouraging the development of innovative technologies and ensuring timely protection of intellectual property.
Patents are considered a key indicator in employee performance evaluations, with the number of patents directly linked to the promotion and career development of R&D staff, thereby unlocking their innovative potential.
Training and support R&D personnel are provided with patent skill training sessions as needed, with the aim to enhance their capabilities in patent application and raise awareness of patent protection.
As of the end of 2023, vivo had filed over 50, 700 patent applications globally and had been granted more than 17, 500 patents worldwide.
Accumulative number of patent applications worldwideAccumulative number of patents granted worldwide 2022 2022 2023 2023over 43, 000 over 14, 000 over 50, 700 over 17, 500Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
22 100 40 10 Promoting Digital Inclusion vivo has faith in the power of humanity culture, science and technology.
As an enterprise that aspires to bring better lives for people with technology, vivo is dedicated to creating a fairer digital world through technological innovation that brings meaningful changes to people s lives.
In 2018, vivo established the vivo AI Global Research Institute.
As of the end of 2019, we had assembled a team of over 1, 000 artificial intelligence engineers.
Recognizing this potential, we continue to invest in AI-related R&D.
This allows users to perceive the world in new ways, improve communication, embrace the digital world, and experience the beauty of life.
This innovative technology has been upgraded to assist visually impaired users in seeing the world better.
Environmental description Providing a concise summary of the environment, main subjects, actions, spatial relationships, and other key features to help users better understand the content of the image.
Document and card photography assistance When visually impaired users are photographing documents or cards, the system provides voice guidance to help them position the target correctly.
It offers prompts on how to adjust the phone's placement and informs the user when the document or card is centered, enabling a quick, complete, and clear capture.
Portrait photography assistance When visually impaired users take portraits, the system describes the scene, suggests optimal shooting angles, and helps them capture moments, such as documenting their children's growth.
Object search Users can set a specific object they need to find, and when the object appears in the camera s view, the user will be alerted.
In 2023, we launched two visual aid products for the first time, vivo Sight and vivo Score Reading, and fully upgraded our screen reading feature, Talk Back, to help users with visual needs see the world better and enjoy the simple joys of everyday life.
Over the past five years, vivo has engaged deeply with users to understand their needs through research surveys and accessible online and offline activities in areas such as dialect recognition, natural voice simulation, and hazardous environment perception.
Our team has transformed up to 100 core requirements collected from these interactions into more than 40 functional items, leading to the implementation of over 10 new product features in 2023.
From the early stages of product feature development, vivo incorporates system experience testing and invites users to try out various functions and provide genuine feedback, continuously improving and enhancing user experience.
Our team collected up to 100 core requirements and transformed them into more than 40 functional items, with over 10 product features implemented in 2023.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo vivo Sight - Portrait photography assistance vivo Sight - Document and card photography assistance
23 vivo Score Reading vivo Score Reading is the world s only free mobile app designed specifically for visually impaired users.
It utilizes state-of-the-art AI technology for music score recognition and reading.
Score playback The playback speed is adjustable and users with low vision can enlarge the notation for easier reading.
Score reading When combined with Talk Back, it provides different levels of score presentation, allowing users to read by notes, beats, measures, or loop playback of customized content.
Voice command Users can send voice commands to the app for tasks such as reading music information or looping playback.
It now supports not only individual high-frequency application modules but also over a hundred proprietary modules across the entire system, enabling users to access more functions.
The response time for single and continuous sliding has been reduced by 13ms and 110ms.
Audio playback can now be interrupted during continuous sliding, and the speed adjustment has been enhanced from a maximum of 2x to 4x, making the text-to-speech experience more natural and fluid.
Additional improvements to enhance user experience include Audio guidance A new directional voice prompt has been added to the fingerprint entry process, making it faster and easier for users to log in and access features.
Image description A new feature has been integrated into the camera and photo album, providing descriptions of images to help users better understand the content of the scene and experience the world through the lens.
This innovation supports system-level multi-scenario customization and is applied in auditory assistance products such as vivo Listening & Speaking, Barrier-free Call, Sign Language Interpreter, and Sound Recognition, providing users with more intelligent interaction and a smoother application experience in various scenarios.
In 2023, vivo upgraded the capabilities for recognizing the sounds of baby cries, car horns, and smoke alarms.
The recognition distance for baby cries is three meters; in roadside scenarios, the recognition distance for car horns is seven meters with a 97 detection rate; the recognition distance for smoke alarm is five meters, with a detection rate of 96. vivo Listening & Speaking and Barrier-free Call Enable Easy Conversations vivo Listening & Speaking and Barrier-free Call are designed to support voice-to-text conversion across various communication scenarios, including face-to-face interactions, telephone video calls, and WeChat, effectively bridging communication barriers.
Sign Language Interpreter Enhances Communication Efficiency In response to the urgent needs of the deaf community, we have launched Sign Language Interpreter, the world s first product to support Chinese sign language recognition.
This innovative tool converts sign language gestures into spoken text and can also recognize speech in real-time, translating it into sign language and text.
This significantly enhances communication efficiency for the deaf community.
Additionally, the sign language synthesis technology covers over 8, 000 vocabularies from the national general dictionary, achieving smooth translation from text to sign language.
In 2023, we participated in 16 information accessibility events, including the China Mobile Industry Event Conference, China Digital Technology Ecosystem Conference, and Information Accessibility Forum.
Our active participation in the accessibility industry contributes to the ongoing development and application of accessibility technologies.
vivo's accessibility solutions were recognized with the Technology Breakthrough Award in the Outstanding Cases of Accessible Information.
Smoke alarm recognition rate Car horn recognition rate 2022 2022 90 89 97 96 2023 2023Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
25 Convenient Digital World for the Elderly vivo continuously develops phones that are more elderly oriented and have conducted the transformation of basic applications such as visual enhancement, auditory enhancement, touch delay and elderly-oriented interfaces.
In addition, we have equipped our phones with features specifically designed for the elderly, including a voice assistant, screen reading capabilities, remote assistance, emergency applications, emergency medical information, and a simple mode.
These initiatives aim to help elderly users integrate into the digital age and enjoy a smart, connected life.
This includes enhancing desktop application icons, ringtones, and fonts, and intelligently enabling the handwriting mode.
These improvements ensure that our devices are easier to use for the elderly and other users with specific needs.
Care Upgrading We enhance various capabilities of family care scenarios, including elderly care, health care, location sharing, family sharing, care services, safety incident alerts, and shared services, making it easier to share family dynamics in real-time.
In 2023, we introduced eight new features tailored specifically for elderly users.
Health care Combining the interesting virtual human to easily and efficiently understand family members' health data and abnormalities.
Family sharing and care service Supporting remote assistance to help family members operate devices with ease.
Safety incident alerts Promptly informing family members about safety incidents and providing assistance.
Presenting a Clear World In 2023, the proportion of individuals aged 60 and above reached 21. 1 of the total population, reflecting a significant demographic shift.
As people age, their visual acuity tends to decline, making them more susceptible to conditions such as macular degeneration and cataracts, with incidences ranging from 10 to 50 and 20 to 80, respectively.
These conditions markedly impair the ability of the elderly to perceive colors and brightness, compromising the visual experience of middle-aged and elderly people.
Human factor tests conducted by the China National Institute of Standardization (CNIS) showed that the user s response time to colors was reduced from 112. 74 to 83. 48 seconds, while the accuracy of color recognition increased from 94 to 98.
It quantifies how much a product is suitable for elderly users based on the elderly-oriented color index.
New elderly-oriented features were added Lens in different ages 25 50 65 75 Gradual yellowing with decreased light transmissionFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Simulating the visual perspective of people over 60 Visual perspective of the Elderly Color Mode
26 Care for Minors Mobile phones and tablets are common and efficient tools for socializing, learning, and exploring.
This includes enhancing the management of online games and social features to prevent Internet addiction and cyber-violence, and continuously optimizing official applications including the Kids Mode, Child Care, and Learning Center to help parents guide their children to develop healthy device usage habits.
By enhancing the management of online games and social functions, we advocate for the healthy and rational use of electronic products among minors, preventing Internet addiction.
Age labeling Every available game's age rating is clearly displayed on the game details page, helping guardians select suitable games and protecting the rights and interests of underage users.
Management of online games We block the push of games that violate social morals, such as horror games, to safeguard minors' mental health.
The real name used in the game has been integrated into the National Press and Publication Administration's real-name verification system to prevent addiction to online games.
Users who have not registered and logged in with their real names cannot enjoy game services.
For users whose real-name authentication information identifies them as minors, they can only play for a limited time in a certain period and spend a limited amount of money on network games stipulated by relevant policies, effectively controlling the behavior of minor players.
Social function management To protect minors from cyber-violence, we have implemented features such as blocking unfamiliar users, restricting friend requests, prohibiting strangers from sending private messages, and disabling comments from others in information dissemination and social scenarios.
vivo continuously optimizes two of our official apps, Kids Mode and Child Care.
It also introduced a vision protection mode to improve intelligent recognition of the distance to the user's eyes and provide sitting posture reminders.
These efforts have provided higher quality electronic product solutions to support a better life and learning experience for children.
Kids Mode The Kids Mode is designed for preschool and elementary school children, helping parents provide their children with a safe, healthy, and controlled environment for mobile phone use, while also safeguarding guardians privacy and property with special passwords.
Intelligent phone use management This feature allows guardians to set application usage time limits and monitor usage over the past seven days.
It also includes intelligent screen light adjustments, posture reminders, and environment brightness reminders to promote healthy phone habits for children.
Rich, healthy, and diverse content The system recommends age-appropriate content and collaborates with partners to provide a variety of educational materials, making learning more fun for children.
Child Care By connecting children s vivo mobile phones with their guardians devices, Child Care ensures a healthy and safe mobile phone environment for children while fostering good device usage habits.
Rational mobile phone use The Child Care APP allows guardians to manage various aspects of their child s device.
The Child Care APP FunctionFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Fostering Healthy Use of Electronic Products
27 Sports Health Laboratory In 2022, vivo established the vivo Sports Health Laboratory.
It covers various aspects including wearable product algorithm research and testing, sports solution evaluation, ergonomics in sports health scenarios, and end-to-end verification of sports health features.
This lab plays a crucial role in supporting professional product development through technical pre-research.
It comprises three specialized teams and is equipped vivo Pad Air received the Certificate of Functionality for Child and Youth Protection in Mobile Terminal issued by the TLC.
Only products that meet the technical requirements for minors protection will be certified.
For children under 14, it has formulated the Standards for the Compliance Management of Children's Personal Information (Domestic Sales) to strictly regulate the use of children's data for internal business.
In modules that process minors' information, we provide users with the Agreement on Processing Children's Personal Information or Parental Consent, along with rapid response channels to ensure transparent and controlled handling of minors' data.
By using risk assessments, encrypted storage, data desensitization, access approval mechanisms, and usage restrictions, we ensure the safe and legal processing of minors' personal information.
In addition, we reinforce our data security defenses through periodic drills and emergency response process mechanisms and build a comprehensive framework to protect minors' personal information.
Professional data collection vivo conducts extensive professional data collection by inviting internal employees and various user groups to participate in the development of sports features in the laboratory.
These activities take place across a wide range of sports scenarios, addressing challenges such as limited testing environments and insufficient test subjects.
This approach significantly enhances research precision and provides valuable data for the development of product algorithms and the pre-research of new features, enhancing the product s user experience and application value.
As of May 2024, the vivo Sports Health Laboratory collected over 37, 000 pieces of data.
Collaboration with top institutions vivo has established long-term, stable partnerships with leading domestic and international institutions such as Zhejiang University to conduct specialized research and feasibility analysis of new technologies in exercise physiology and biomechanics.
These collaborations aim to deepen our understanding of the impact of sports on health and to provide a scientific basis for the development of effective and well-informed sports health programs.
Research result application The research results have been applied to numerous health algorithms (self-developed algorithms for heart rate, blood oxygen, electrocardiogram, body temperature, etc.) and sports algorithms (badminton, table tennis, sit-ups, etc.), and have been featured in various smart wearable products including vivo TWS 3 Pro, vivo WATCH 3, vivo WATCH 3 ECG, vivo Watch GT, iQOO WATCH, and iQOO WATCH GT.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
28 Smart eye protection Ultra-high frequency PWM dimming Anti-fatigue brightness adjustmentSleep mode12 25 11. 5 10. 9 Minimizing image distortion by0. 03 Minimum SVM flicker of Increasing melanin concentration by Reducing visual fatigue byImproving nighttime comfort by Four Eye Protection ModesEye Health vivo combines hardware and software modes for eye protection.
Its anti-fatigue brightness curve automatically adjusts brightness subtly over time, helping to alleviate visual fatigue during extended use.
When the eye protection mode is activated, the proportion of harmful blue light in the mobile phone screen's visible light is reduced from 6. 5 to 4. 1, significantly lower than the 10. 2 blue light level commonly emitted by conventional computer monitors.
Additionally, a new health care component has been introduced to monitor the health status of family members online.
This feature provides all-weather monitoring of heart rate, blood oxygen levels, sleep, and stress, ensuring users maintain their basic health.
vivo TWS 3 Pro is equipped with a high-precision dedicated temperature sensor that supports contactless temperature monitoring.
Headphone Noise Reduction vivo TWS4 noise-canceling earphones support ultra-deep and ultra-wide frequency noise reduction, with a maximum noise reduction depth of 55dB, and can eliminate up to 99. 8 of everyday noise; they also support AI intelligent wind noise resistance, effectively reducing wind noise in sports mode.
Smart eye protection This mode provides real-time detection and intelligent filtering of blue light, preventing eye fatigue while minimizing image distortion by 12.
The Night Owl Eye Protection feature enhances screen visibility and comfort in low-light environments, improving nighttime comfort by 10. 9.
Ultra-high frequency PWM dimming With 2, 160Hz dimming support for both low and high brightness levels, this mode minimizes low-frequency flicker with a minimum SVM flicker value of 0. 03, protecting sensitive eyes.
Sleep mode This mode intelligently adjusts the screen color temperature according to the user's circadian rhythm.
At night, the screen gradually shifts to a warmer tone, increasing melanin concentration by 25 to improve sleep quality.
Anti-fatigue brightness adjustment This feature intelligently adjusts screen brightness over time to aid the movement of the eye's ciliary muscle, reducing visual fatigue by 11. 5 and alleviating eye strain.
Secure and reliable products are the cornerstone for us to gain users' trust.
At the same time, we adhere to the bottom line of transparency and control, on-device intelligence, and data minimization to strengthen our cybersecurity and privacy protection system.
We have strengthened our quality management system, implemented stringent quality standards, and prioritized areas such as battery safety, radiation safety, and ear health to ensure a safer and more reliable product experience for our users.
Quality Management vivo insists on creating value by ensuring quality, focusing on quality management during the product manufacturing process.
This approach strengthens our capabilities across R&D, supply chain, manufacturing, branding, sales, and service, comprehensively enhancing our process control to ensure high-quality supply and services.
We have implemented inspection for 100 of our production lines, conducting comprehensive functional testing on every product before it leaves the factory.
Each material is equipped with a traceability code, and we record detailed information such as production line positions and time points in our MES 10.
This enables full-process and full-cycle traceability management, significantly improving the efficiency of our product quality management.
We have also maintained the ISO 9001 Quality Management System certification.
Battery Safety As the cycle of users changing their devices extends and high-power fast charging becomes a widespread technology, we are paying more attention to ensuring the safe use of batteries in the long term.
Battery Use Safety We are committed to enhancing the innovative safety design of our products and encouraging users to actively manage their battery health, ensuring that consumers can use our products safely, correctly, and with peace of mind.
Safety design By restructuring the internal battery system and adopting a specialized safety design, we have improved the battery's resistance to compression and puncture, providing enhanced protection in special scenarios.
Battery health management We have independently developed a battery health algorithm supporting smart charging while considering factors such as battery temperature and lifespan to intelligently slow down battery aging.
Promoting the replacement of old batteries To maintain device performance, we offer discounted prices for battery replacements, encouraging users to replace aging batteries in a timely manner.
Number of product recalls Product testing coverageFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Product Safety and Reliability
30 Radiation Safety The vivo Central Laboratory is equipped with specialized equipment for Electro Magnetic Compatibility (EMC), Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), and Radio Frequency (RF) testing, ensuring our capability to assess product radiation safety and comply with global radiation safety standards.
The laboratory has obtained qualifications from domestic and foreign authoritative institutions, including CNAS, T V Rheinland, Qualcomm, and ST.
The laboratory is an active member of several leading global terminal equipment standard organizations, where it plays a role in improving standards, advancing technology, driving product innovation, and contributing to the high-quality development of the industry.
Ear Health vivo has integrated a high-volume alert into all its products and adjusts the earphone sound pressure to ensure a high-quality acoustic experience that also protects users' hearing.
Cybersecurity and Privacy Protection vivo is dedicated to developing safe and reliable digital products and services, with the goal of creating a secure digital environment and safeguarding consumers' fundamental rights and interests.
To this end, we have implemented a new security management system for our AI operations, designed to enhance consumer privacy protection across business content security, user security compliance, and data collection management.
In 2023, vivo received no substantiated complaints or confirmed incidents of data breaches.
The Network Information Security and User Privacy Protection Committee (SPC), as the Company's highest management body, approves and oversees the implementation of our network information security and privacy protection strategies, and reports directly to the Company's Management Committee.
These efforts aim to enhance product security and mitigate business security risks.
Moreover, we have intensified research and investment in security technology, allowing us to effectively meet our security and privacy goals.
Guided by these principles, security and privacy requirements are embedded into every stage of our Integrated Product Development (IPD) process, ensuring a comprehensive product lifecycle.
Our aim is to protect user data at all points of data circulation and in every aspect of the user experience, thereby guaranteeing the quality and security of our final products and services.
Principle 1 Transparent and Control We have upgraded and optimized over 50 of our self-developed applications to demonstrate application behaviors.
These enhancements include introducing application behavior records, a privacy dashboard, and pop-up ad management features, which are designed to enhance users' data management capabilities.
This ensures users are well-informed about permission usage and can make reasonable choices.
Principle 2 On-Device Intelligence We have performed on-device identification and processing of more than 70 phone functions involving sensitive data, providing users with a smart living experience and enhanced data security.
Principle 3 Data Minimization We are advancing the work to replace permanent equipment identifiers (IMEI) with complementary identifiers to reduce unnecessary IMEI data collection, thereby conforming to the principle of data minimization.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
31 Fostering Security and Privacy Culture Articulating data security and privacy compliance, vivo provides a range of security and compliance empowerment training programs to raise awareness and promote the Company's security culture among all employees.
In 2023, we conducted 71 training sessions covering topics such as internal security and compliance certifications, security and privacy publicity week, and boutique security classes.
These sessions spanned 14 specialized areas and engaged a total of 5, 756 participants from 52 different departments.
Utilizing innovative technologies like the kMirrors Memory Safety Analysis Platform, the kMirror Trusted Engine, and security chips, it is actively developing a secure and reliable ecology to comprehensively protect user privacy.
kMirror Memory Safety Analysis Platform Privacy Management by Partners vivo has formulated the Management Regulations on the Risks of vivo Supplier Data Protection and Privacy Compliance, rigorously defining how suppliers must manage privacy compliance.
Suppliers that pass this assessment must sign a contract or data processing agreement that clearly outlines their data protection responsibilities and obligations.
Security and Privacy Publicity Week In September 2023, vivo launched the Security and Privacy Publicity Week 2023 campaign.
Through online and offline events, it communicated to employees the Company s strategic security and privacy protection values, helped them learn security compliance standards, strengthened their product security sensitivity, and raised their awareness of security and privacy protection.
More than 1, 200 employees from nine factory areas participated in the campaign, showing a satisfaction rate of 92. 71 5, 756sessions Security compliance training Security compliance training participantsFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo At the vivo Developer Conference 2023, we introduced the kMirrors Memory Safety Analysis Platform.
This innovative platform is designed to enhance our ability to detect memory security issues and improve the efficiency of addressing these problems.
Utilizing a self-developed framework and advanced detection technologies, the kMirror platform can efficiently and accurately identify common memory errors such as integer overflow, type errors, out-of-bounds (OOBs), and use-after-free (UAF).
It also detects potential memory leaks and provides real-time analysis and detailed reports to help developers proactively identify and mitigate security risks.
vivo also launched the kMirror Trusted Engine ability open program, sharing its three major abilities with more developers and partners to foster a reliable security ecology.
Fraud risk detection Leveraging the kMirror Trusted Engine ability, we perform typical fraud risk feature recognition.
In collaboration with third parties, we synchronize comprehensive risk measurement results with partners, enabling risk alerts and interception in scenarios such as third-party payments or lending, thereby safeguarding users assets.
Device risk detection The kMirror Trusted Engine generates security scores through comprehensive calculations across various levels and dimensions.
Partners can use these risk scores to customize business logic interactions for different scenarios.
Real device activity calculation The engine helps determine user status on the business side, identifying whether a user is using a backup device or involved in cybercrimes or illegal activities, thereby enabling efficient pop-up verifications.
At Amazon Web Services 2023, we released our first kMirror Trusted Engine Product Manual, detailing the principles, features, application scenarios, and usage of the kMirror Trusted Engine.
At the China International Big Data Industry Expo 2023, the kMirror Trusted Engine won the award of Outstanding Scientific and Technological Achievement for 2023.
Product manual vivo won the award of Outstanding Scientific and Technological Achievement for 2023 11True Random Number Generator.
SPU security chipFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo kMirror Trusted Engine In 2023, we upgraded the kMirror Trusted Engine in Origin OS 4 to empower Internet manufacturers and developers.
This upgrade has significantly enhanced our capabilities in identifying risks related to device protection and data security.
As of the end of 2023, the kMirror Trusted Engine protected over 88 million users and detected more than 9 million fraud risks.
The secure chip, as a trusted root entity, boasts stronger and more secure trusted root capabilities.
It features an independent processor isolated from the main operating system, a hardware encryption and decryption engine module, a hardware TRNG 11 module, and independent OTP 12 This includes support for hardware-level root keys and hardware-encrypted data storage, significantly boosting the basic security of device systems.
In 2023, we upgraded our business flagship model with chip-level protection, providing hardware-level encryption for accounts and passwords.
At the ITU-T SG17 meeting of the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), two international standards for smart terminal security led by vivo were launched.
These were the first ITU-T standards in this area, filling a crucial gap and setting new benchmarks for smart terminal security.
vivo is dedicated to improving our security governance and product security quality by adopting industry best practices and authoritative standards.
In terms of software building security, we integrate security requirements throughout the entire R&D lifecycle, supported by multiple systems, processes, tools, and organizational measures to ensure the effective implementation of security activities.
In terms of product and Security features for assessment of mobile terminal securitySecurity guidelines for mobile terminal vintegrity protection kMirror Security Lab Technology Salons The kMirror Security Lab Technology Salons are centered on the current hot security issues within the industry such as device-side trusted measurement, anti-fraud attack and defense, and ecological risk governance.
Security experts from Ant Group, Meituan, JD Technology, and other companies are brought together for in-depth exchanges, practice sharing, and collaboration to create a security ecology.
In 2023, two sessions were held, which were attended by over 30 companies, reached an audience of 135, 000, and achieved a 100 satisfaction rate among participants.
Exchanges at security industry summits We always pay attention to cutting-edge technology and developments in the security area, engage in industry exchanges on security and privacy, and closely interconnect and interact with all sectors.
In 2023, vivo attended SDC and FCIS to share on multiple security and privacy-related topics and demonstrated vivo s exploration and research in security attack and defense as well as security engineering.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Security Ecology Interconnectivity To contribute to a thriving cybersecurity ecology, vivo hosted the kMirror Security Lab Technology Salons and participated in key events such as the 2023 Security Development Conference (SDC), GEEKCON, FCIS, INCLUSION Security Sub-section, and the AWS AIGC Forum.
Our active engagement has fostered significant exchanges on cybersecurity within the industry.
In 2023, vivo led the organization of the TC11 (Mobile Internet Application and Terminal Technical Committee) meeting, which garnered considerable attention from the industry.
More than 100 experts participated, including representatives from the China Communications Standards Association, the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology, terminal manufacturers, and Internet manufacturers.
During the meeting, vivo shared our experiences and practices in device-side security and the development of a trusted ecology.
vivo firmly believes that collaboration is key to strengthening and achieving security.
In terms of terminal security and privacy protection, vivo actively advises the industry and invests in developing, promoting, and applying various technical standards.
This commitment ensures that the industry can offer users safe and reliable products and services.
As of the end of 2023, vivo had led or participated in the creation of over 200 information security standards, playing a significant role in industry standardization.
National standards Industry standards Group standardsservice security, we have received recognition from numerous authoritative organizations worldwide.
We have obtained various stringent security and privacy protection certifications, including CSA STAR, ioXt, ISO IEC 27001, ISO IEC 27701, ISO IEC 27018, TRUSTe, ePrivacyseal, and the Level-5 Security Competency Assessment of China Telecommunication Technology Labs.
In 2023, vivo X Fold2 passed the latest version of CC MDFPP security certification, becoming the world's first folding screen model to receive the V3. 3 version of the certification.
Our goal is to earn and maintain long-term trust through our continuous dedication and effort.
In 2023, vivo conducted two compliance training sessions, covering 4, 192 employees, and carried out five compliance inspections, identifying 12 risk issues, with an issue closure rate of 100.
We have formulated and implemented various domestic and international customer service management systems, including the Standards and Management Methods for Post-Sale Services at Sales Terminals, the Flexible Authorization Scheme for Customer Service Centers in the Chinese Market, the International Warranty service policy and operation process specification, and the Multiple Countries Warranty service policy and operation process specification V1. 0 to further improve customer service standards.
In 2023, vivo received a 5-star SGS Certificate for Evaluation system for after-sales service of commodity.
We promptly identified and addressed any deficiencies in the service process, further reinforcing service standards across various channels, including sales terminals, service outlets, and retail enterprise WeChat platforms, to enhance the overall quality of after-sales service.
Positive Communication Training to Promote Quality Service In April 2023, vivo conducted a positive communication training with the theme of Enhancing Service Awareness.
We invited senior mentors to provide training courses on enhancing service awareness and strengthening service skills and introduced a user communication interaction model for service centers.
This training effectively motivated our customer service teams and enhanced the service capabilities of our frontline personnel.
Multi-channel Response We offer multiple channels for user communication, including self-service options, online customer support, service hotlines, and customer service centers.
Our dedicated customer service teams are committed to promptly addressing user needs and providing timely feedback, ensuring 100 closed-loop management of customer feedback.
These efforts are aimed at strengthening the skills and service mindset of our teams, ensuring that we consistently deliver professional, attentive, and high-quality after-sales service experiences to our global users.
We have also conducted product knowledge and service training for agents to better ensure the quality of service.
In 2023, vivo conducted nine training sessions for agents, with a total of 11, 764 participants.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
35 Diversified Attentive Service vivo is committed to optimizing its domestic and international service processes, enhancing the quality and efficiency of after-sales services to improve user experience.
As of December 31, 2023, vivo had a total of 908 service centers in China and over 1, 400 service centers overseas, covering 70 countries and regions.
vivo continues to provide caring services for elderly users.
In 2023, vivo distributed 3, 300 printed copies of the Quick Guide to Smartphone Use for Parents, designed to help elderly users quickly and easily become familiar with operating mobile phones through straightforward and easy-to-understand instructions.
Part of the services cover overseas markets.
Upgrading the features of the vivo mini program, such as queue calling, shipping for repairs, and store appointments to ensure that users can check service progress and membership benefits in real-time.
Introducing a Four-Year Free Battery Replacement policy 14, providing free battery replacements for users who purchase during the pre-sale and initial sales period.
Developing a Maintenance Mode that allows users to isolate personal data with one click before repairs, effectively protecting personal privacy from infringement.
We offered free services such as phone cleaning and maintenance, free screen protector application, and malicious software detection for users aged 60 and above.
We also assisted in downloading the National Anti-Fraud Center App, comprehensively enhancing the quality of customer service.
Number of Going Out service events held Number of users served during the year by the Going Out service Number of overseas service centers Number of countries and regions covered by overseas service centers Number of service centers in China (including Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan) 14The policy applies to the Y100 and Y28 series.
The service applies to the V29 series.
The service applies to the X90 and X90Pro series.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
36 04 Green Symbiosis Eco-Friendly Products Green Operation36 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
37 Materials for raw material transport cartons were recycled annually tons tons tons430 Waste old and broken parts were disposed of globally Water saved by the recycling program 288. 8 20, 338MWh 4, 530Clean electricity provided by photovoltaic power generation project in Dongguan park Carbon emission reduction brought by innovative energy-saving measures over tCO2e 4, 000 Facing the challenges posed by global climate change and environmental crisis, vivo believes that the destiny of humankind is intricately linked and it is incumbent upon us to protect our planet.
We have been implementing green development idea with innovative technology and creative thinking.
Eco-Friendly Products vivo actively practices environmental responsibility, striving to protect earth resources while promoting self green development.
vivo s eco-design assessment system in place enables us to comprehensively evaluate the environmental load generated throughout the life cycle of the products.
On top of that, we integrate eco-attributes such as ease of recyclability, maintainability, and reusability into product design, to improve the nature-friendliness level of products throughout the life cycle.
We focused on ensuring reliable performance and improving the user experience while embracing minimalist design principles.
We increased our use of recycled and biodegradable materials, thereby reducing resource consumption.
Additionally, we explored eco-friendly options for product recycling and disposal, embodying our dedication to green development.
Full lifecycle solutions for vivo's sustainable product Design Improve products energy efficiency Try more designs of easy disassembly Unlock more sustainable material formulas Seek low-carbon product solutions Explore more durability solutions Procurement Select more recyclable renewable materials Procure rare materials with a higher recycling rate Production Avoid using hazardous substances in production Increase the precious metal recycling and reuse rate Increase the water and energy resource usage rate Increase the recycling and reusing rate of industrial waste Increase the production and usage of renewable energy Reduce waste to landfill Use and end-of-life disposal Provide convenient maintenance solutions Optimize take-back process Encourage users to participate in the take-back program Trace deeper at recycling & reusing of key componentsDesignProcurem ent Use and end-of-life disposalProduction 17Life Cycle AssessmentProduct LifecycleFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
39 Sustainable Materials to Care for Nature Sustainable materials offer excellent performance while consuming fewer natural resources and energy.
Application of New Materials In 2019, we partnered with industry leaders to develop a low-density bio-based polyamide material derived from plants such as castor.
This material has a smaller environmental footprint compared to traditional plastics.
Additionally, we utilized bio-based polycarbonate materials for card slot structures across all our product lines, with an annual use of up to 80 tons.
Compared to XFold2, the XFold3 external screen glass has improved drop resistance by a factor of10 10 80times tons tonsAnnual use of bio-based PA materials Annual use of bio-based PC materials Organic Light-Emitting Diode.
The scope of silicone leather application iQOO 10 Pro Legend (2022) iQOO 11, iQOO 11 Pro, Fold3 (2023)2022 2023 1 styles 3 styles Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Sustainable Design for Extending Product Life vivo remains dedicated to optimizing product design, improving energy efficiency, and exploring innovative technologies to extend product life and minimize resource use.
This commitment not only extends the lifespan of our products but also reduces the need for frequent replacements, providing users with confidence and peace of mind while conserving natural resources.
Robust structural design To effectively ensure a positive user experience in various environments, we have upgraded the protection levels of all our models from IP54 to IP64 and fully applied the IP68 waterproof and dustproof standard to our flagship models the X series, S series, and iQOO digital series.
This protection ensures that the devices are shielded from dust and moisture, allowing users to use their phones in a variety of environments while maintaining their reliability and durability.
Innovative, more drop-resistant material After four years of innovative exploration and pre-research on material, the first generation of glass ceramic has been applied to the X Fold3 series.
This new material has enhanced the drop resistance of the external screen glass by 10 times compared to previous models.
In the future, we will broaden the application of glass ceramic to further enhance product durability.
Our goal is to enhance both product performance and energy efficiency.
The adoption of a more advanced Buck power supply architecture over the traditional Buck LDO scheme has significantly improved power conversion efficiency and reduced overall device energy consumption.
Our software systems are designed for high efficiency and energy savings, focusing on user scenarios and application needs.
With advanced scenario-based recognition technology, our devices automatically switch to low-power mode during standby, further reducing energy consumption.
Silicone leather, made from silicon ore instead of petroleum, provides a sustainable alternative to traditional polyurethane (PU) leather.
Its production process is free from organic solvents, significantly reducing volatile organic compound (VOC) emissions.
Silicone leather does not contain plasticizers, heavy metals, or phthalates, and offers benefits such as contamination resistance, easy cleaning, hydrolysis resistance, aging resistance, and excellent flame retardancy.
In 2023, silicone leather had been applied to products such as iQOO 11, iQOO 11 Pro, and Fold3, with the use of about 3. 8 tons of silica gel.
This continuous buildup of glass waste not only occupies space but also poses environmental hazards.
vivo is committed to turning recyclable waste into valuable production resources, thereby reducing material consumption.
Through collaboration with our partners, we launched a project to recycle and reuse aluminum alloys.
This initiative focuses on recycling drainage opening materials generated from the production process of die-cast aluminum alloys, increasing the process utilization rate of aluminum alloys to no less than 93.
In 2023, recycled aluminum alloy accounted for 63. 2 of the total aluminum used and was applied to 13 phone models in our S, Y, V, and iQOO Z series.
Material Recycling vivo is committed to exploring and implementing lightweight and material reduction solutions by optimizing the design of both internal and external structures of our mobile devices, thereby reducing the consumption of environmental resources.
Inserts We made the stainless steel inserts for the main board holders of various models thinner and lighter, reducing the thickness from 0. 2 mm to 0. 15 mm, saving about 4 tons of stainless steel and approximately 14. 6 tons of CO 2 emissions 20.
Shields We made the shields on the main boards of all mobile phones thinner and lighter, adjusting the thickness from 0. 2 mm to 0. 1 mm, saving about 150 tons of copper (50 tons last year), and reducing about 585 tons of CO 2 emissions 21. 30 The proportion of recycled glass in the total use of glass 63. 2 The proportion of recycled aluminum alloy in the use of aluminum alloy materials 93 The process utilization rate of aluminum alloy was no less than 20Estimated based on the average CO 2 emission factor ( 3. 65 kg CO 2 kg) for stainless steel production disclosed by the World Stainless Association.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
41 Measures to Reduce Packaging Weight Results Transport Packaging Weight ReductionWhile maintaining durability and safety, we redesigned the composite cardboard used for product transport, achieving a weight reduction of about 20.
Approximately 60 tons of wood used for packaging was saved.
Instruction Manual Weight ReductionThe introduction of electronic instruction manuals marks a new step for vivo in sustainable packaging.
First implemented in 2023 for the iQOO cooling back clip and lightning game controller, this change reduced the number of pages in the paper manual from 16 to 222.
Paper use was reduced by 87. 5 22.
For the Chinese and Latin American markets, the number of pages in the warranty card was reduced from 26 to 4, achieving an optimization rate of 84. 62.
In Kazakhstan, the number of pages was reduced from 36 to 8, with an optimization rate of 77. 78. 84 The recycling rate of raw material transport cartons about 430 tons Saving materials annually about 22Data is only applicable to the Chinese market.
Sustainable Packaging for Moderation and Nature-Friendliness We prioritize sustainable product material design and packaging.
By promoting lightweight designs, utilizing recyclable materials, and reducing plastic usage, we enhance the sustainability of our packaging while maintaining a high-quality user experience.
Soy ink application All of our mobile phone product boxes are printed using renewable soy ink, reducing reliance on traditional mineral oil inks and lowering emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) during production and use.
More exploration and application We are actively exploring sustainable packaging designs for products in the European market.
This includes Ensuring 100 of product packaging uses paper certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC); Increasing the use of renewable fibers in inner packaging; Implementing fully degradable parchment in phases to replace plastic film, further reducing plastic use.
Reuse of Packaging To reduce the environmental and resource pressures of disposable cartons, vivo actively collaborates with suppliers to enhance the recycling and reuse of transport packaging materials.
In 2023, we achieved a recycling rate of approximately 84 for raw material transport cartons, saving about 430tons of materials annually and effectively reducing material consumption.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
42 Minimizing the Use of Hazardous Substances vivo strictly adheres to the legal regulations of the market where we operate.
In 2023, we introduced new control measures for PFHxS, PFCAs (C 9-C14), their salts, and related substances.
As of the end of 2023, we had identified and restricted 52 types of hazardous substances.
For several consecutive years, we have maintained the IECQ QC 080000 Certification.
Our Product Compliance Management (PCM) system is continuously optimized to ensure thorough material verification and efficient system operation.
This ensures that our entire product manufacturing process meets vivo s environmental standards, with all materials and auxiliary materials being 100 environmentally certified.
The traditional process for nut materials contains trace amounts of lead compounds, even though the content meets the regulatory exemption requirements.
In 2023, we successfully replaced all nuts in our development projects with those made of lead-free copper, achieving complete deleading.
Practicing More Eco-Friendly End-of-Life Disposal Program vivo practices the extended producer responsibility system, continuously optimizes the recycling and disposal mechanisms at the end of product life, launches a variety of activities, encourages user participation in the recycling of old and broken parts, avoids landfilling of electronic waste and supports the development of the circular economy.
Optimizing Recycling and Disposal Program vivo advocates for sustainable development by providing users with a variety of recycling programs to encourage participation in the circular economy.
Trade-in activity Users can receive additional cash subsidies when they purchase new vivo iQOO mobile phones through the platform within a specified period and recycle their old phones.
In 2023, more than 70, 000 devices were recycled via the trade-in activity on the official website.
Service of repairing and retaining broken parts at a favorable price Users who agree to send back damaged original parts to the vivo service center can benefit from preferential repair costs.
This service covers display screens, main boards, batteries, and battery covers for over 60 models.
In 2023, more than 339, 000 old mobile phones were recycled through offline stores in the Chinese market, while over 456, 000 were recycled via the official online channel.
Additionally, vivo globally recycled and environmentally processed approximately 288. 8 tons of waste parts and defective items through its after-sales service stores, recycling over 159 tons of waste electrical and electronic equipment.
vivo places a high value on the compliant processing of waste parts, strictly selecting third parties with environmental recycling qualifications worldwide to ensure all waste is processed in compliance, achieving a 100 compliant disposal rate.
For some of these old and damaged devices, we repair them and repurpose them as spare phones for internal services or training purposes.
This gives these products a second mission, extending their lifespan and reducing waste.
The total number of old phones recycled via offline storesThe total number of old phones recycled via official online channels 2022 2022 2023 2023311, 600 339, 000439, 500 456, 000100 52 The number of hazardous substance types in 2023 100 vivo s recycling and compliant disposal rate of old and broken parts from all channels globallyLead-free copper replacement rate for the nuts in our development projects Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
43 Green Operation As a champion of low-carbon green development, vivo takes the initiative to practice clean production and builds a green manufacturing system as part of its commitment to minimizing the environmental impact of its business operations.
Environmental Management System Pursuant to the laws and regulations on environmental protection in the countries and regions where we operate as well as the requirements of the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System, the Company has developed and improved the EHS Management Manual and other internal management documents and upgraded management systems like the Standards for Classification and Management of Wastes.
Each operational site conducts environmental risk assessments, sets annual goals and management plans, performs regular monitoring, and conducts emergency drills.
Through internal audits, we ensure continuous improvement and effective risk management, maintaining standardized control of environmental factors to achieve our environmental objectives.
In the industrial park, we implement a green office strategy, promoting EHS-related knowledge to employees through channels such as the V Message WeChat official account to enhance environmental awareness.
All vivo's factories in China (Dongguan Park and Chongqing Park) have passed the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System certification and have conducted annual environmental risk assessments.
Water Resource Management vivo prioritize the rational use of water resources and actively promote measures to enhance water utilization efficiency.
In Dongguan Park, we have implemented smart water meters and a data detection platform for real-time collection, transmission, and analysis of water use data.
This system helps us promptly address any abnormal water usage.
In 2023, our water-saving management and technological transformations led to significant results.
The total amount of water saved in Dongguan Park and Chongqing Park was approximately 137, 649 tons.
Intelligent Irrigation System We have introduced an intelligent irrigation system in our green areas, which automatically adjusts water usage based on the needs of the plants and prevailing weather conditions.
tons tonsTotal water saving in Dongguan Park and Chongqing Park in 2023 Water saved by the recycling program Chongqing Park used 312, 404 tons of water, a decrease in proportion compared to last year Dongguan Park used 1, 454, 750 tons of water, a decrease in proportion compared to last year Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
44 Waste Management vivo strictly manages and controls waste generation and disposal while actively exploring comprehensive utilization solutions.
We have implemented the Standards for Classification and Management of Wastes, the Hazardous Waste Management Standards, and other management systems and standards to guide the proper classification, transfer, and disposal of waste.
This enables full-process tracking and management of hazardous waste.
Our Supplier Code of Conduct mandates that suppliers strictly control their solid waste emissions, ensuring that their storage, transportation, and incineration processes meet vivo's environmental standards.
In 2023, vivo generated 103. 96 tons of hazardous waste and 10, 857. 56 tons of non-hazardous waste 23.
We achieved a 100 compliant disposal rate for hazardous waste and a 100 recycling rate for non-hazardous waste.
The scope of hazardous waste statistics covers all factories and office parks of vivo China.
The statistical scope of the non-hazardous waste data includes metals, plastics, and cardboard from all factories and office parks of vivo China.
Types of Waste Category Handling Measures General waste Construction waste Electronic wasteHazardous wasteCanteen kitchen waste Recyclable waste Non-recyclable wasteRecyclable waste We engage a qualified supplier to carry out harmless disposal.
Waste is stored at a designated location and transported by the construction party to a municipal location for landfilling.
Waste is stored at a designated location and disposed of by a third party with hazardous waste treatment qualifications registered with the Environmental Protection Bureau.
The total amount of hazardous waste generatedThe total amount of non-hazardous generated 2022 2022 2023 2023163. 46 tons 103. 96 tons11, 602. 21 tons 10, 857. 56 tonsThe compliant disposal rate of hazardous waste The recycling and utilization rate of non-hazardous waste Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
45 Pollution Prevention and Control Although the pollution emissions from vivo's production and operations have minimal impact on the environment, we remain committed to high standards of pollution prevention and control.
Our environmental management performance is regularly reviewed and evaluated by independent third-party organizations.
These inspections cover factory boundary noise, indoor noise, domestic wastewater, workshop exhaust, indoor air quality, and canteen fume emissions.
The 2023 inspection report shows a 100 compliance rate for exhaust gas and wastewater discharge in vivo's industrial parks.
Pollutants Examples Disposal Measures Exhaust gas Wastewater NoiseExhaust gas from production Exhaust gas from the canteen Domestic wastewater Industrial wastewater We gather it to the roof and process it with a pre-treatment process and a purification device.
Compliance rate of wastewater discharge in 2021, 2022 and 2023 Compliance rate of exhaust gas discharge in 2021, 2022 and 2023Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
46 Tackling Climate Change To implement the action plan for Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality amid the urgent challenge of global climate change, vivo integrates the impact of climate change into our corporate decision-making processes.
By continuously tracking policy changes related to climate change, we ensure our strategies remain relevant and effective.
Through scientific carbon and energy management, we are committed to reducing our carbon footprint and driving low-carbon social development.
Carbon Management vivo continues to explore green and sustainable development models, integrating carbon management into business strategy and operations.
Carbon Governance Structure vivo has incorporated carbon emission management into its corporate social responsibility (CSR) governance system and various business segments.
A CSR committee, chaired by the Senior Vice President and comprising senior managers from multiple departments, has been established under the Company s Management Committee.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Carbon Management Cross-Functional Team includes business leaders from over a dozen departments involved in various fields, such as System and Process IT, Administrative Affairs, Production, Logistics and Storage Center, PMC, Quality, various product departments, various development departments, Hardware Testing, and Customer Service.
Each representative is assigned specific responsibilities related to carbon management.
CSR Committee Carbon Management Cross-Functional Team Product Ecological Design TeamThe highest decision organization Coordinate the Company's carbon emission management work, ensuring that the principles and action plans for carbon emission management align with the Company's development direction.
Formulate carbon goal planning, medium and long-term development plans, and strategic directions, as well as develop and implement annual target plans based on internal and external insights.
Management Committee vivo Carbon Governance Structure
47 Current Carbon Emissions In 2023, vivo conducted a carbon emission inventory at two industrial parks and eight office buildings across eight cities where vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries operate.
This inventory helps comprehensively understand the Company s carbon emissions and provides crucial data for emission reduction planning and implementation.
In 2023, vivo s operational carbon emissions amounted to 110, 173. 30 tCO 2e, with Scope 1 emissions at 12, 546. 91 tCO 2e and Scope 2 emissions at 97, 626. 4 tCO 2e.
Additionally, recognizing the importance of value chain emission reductions for addressing climate change and achieving the Company s sustainable development, vivo conducted identification and assessment of Scope 3 carbon emissions, which totaled 93, 756. 84 tCO 2e in 2023.
Carbon Goal Setting In response to the target of keeping a global temperature rise below 2 C proposed by the Paris Agreement and China s dual carbon goals, vivo released the vivo Low-Carbon Action White Paper in 2024, officially proposing the company s low-carbon development goals and further exploring vivo s roadmap towards carbon peaking and carbon neutrality.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo 202120352050 Complete the baseline carbon inventoryAchieve a 50 reduction in carbon emissions in our operations compared to 2021 levelsAchieve carbon neutrality in our operations
48 vivo will follow the strategy of prioritizing direct emission reductions over removal, prioritizing removal over offsetting, and continuously empowering the green transformation of the value chain.
Emission Reduction in Our Operations We prioritize energy conservation and efficiency enhancement, as well as optimizing our energy structure to reduce absolute carbon emissions.
For the emissions that are difficult to reduce, we will conduct carbon offset by investing in promising renewable energy projects, focusing on and utilizing ecological carbon sinks and negative carbon technologies, and participating in carbon market trading, thus supporting our long-term goal of achieving carbon neutrality in our operations.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
49 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Energy Management vivo has established and continuously improved its energy management system by implementing regulations such as the Operational Guidance for Energy Management Scheme Formulation and Implementation, the Operational Guidance for Energy Operation and Management, and the Contingency Plan for Energy Security.
These regulations guide all levels of the company in effectively meeting annual energy-saving and emission-reduction targets, establishing a comprehensive energy management system, and creating robust internal management processes.
Departments conduct regular energy risk identification and assess energy-saving potential, continuously improving energy management.
In 2023, Areas A and C of vivo's global headquarters passed the ISO 50001 Energy Management System certification.
We have developed an energy management platform for the intelligent input, statistics, and analysis of energy data, optimizing energy use efficiency.
Each year, we analyze and evaluate the energy consumption data of key units, explore energy-saving potential through on-site inspections, assess feasible conservation initiatives, and review energy savings after project implementation.
Our energy management team has also established an energy use reward mechanism to encourage energy-saving actions.
In 2023 24, the per-device energy consumption at vivo's global headquarters decreased by 12 compared to the previous year, surpassing expectations and exceeding our energy-saving target.
In 2023, vivo's global headquarters completed and launched its first distributed ph otovoltaic power generation project, making it the largest photovoltaic power facility in the area.
This project provides approximately 4, 530 MWh of clean electricity annually, with a total installed capacity of 5. 189 MWp, reducing CO 2 emissions by about 3, 604. 3 tons.
In 2023, vivo's total renewable energy use amounted to 4, 530 MWh.
We have introduced electric buses for employees, providing a more eco-friendly commuting option and reducing emissions by 121. 5 tCO 2e.
We have replaced all the forklifts in our industrial parks with new energy vehicles and some manual forklifts to further reduce carbon emissions.
Percentage of year-on-year reduction in global headquarters' per-device energy consumption in 2023 compared to last year 24The scope of energy consumption statistics covers Areas A, B, and C of Dongguan Park.
Energy-saving Technological Transformation to Improve Energy Efficiency In 2023, vivo's global headquarters implemented a total of 31 technological transformation projects, achieving substantial results in energy saving and consumption reduction.
These projects collectively saved approximately 7, 130 MWh of electricity and reduced CO 2 emissions by over 4, 000 tCO 2e.
Optimization of the air-conditioning system We enhanced our air-conditioning system by reducing the frequency of air conditioning cabinet fans, refining the set parameters and control logic, and implementing zoned activation and deactivation of the air conditioning units to reduce the energy consumption of key power-consuming equipment.
These measures are estimated to save about 3, 320 MWh of electricity and reduce emissions by approximately 1, 976 tCO 2e every year.
Frequency conversion for the cooling water pump By installing a frequency converter on the original industrial-frequency cooling water pump and adjusting the operating frequency, we reduced the working energy consumption.
This upgrade is expected to save about 1, 050 MWh of electricity and reduce emissions by approximately 628 tCO 2e every year.
Energy-saving optimization of production equipment We carried out a comprehensive energy-saving optimization for workshop equipment by refining lighting control systems, introducing automatic gas shutoff systems, and optimizing gas pressure standards.
These improvements are expected to save about 2, 250 MWh of electricity and reduce emissions by approximately 1, 341 tCO 2e every year.
Gasoline consumption Diesel consumption Electricity consumption Total Scope 1 GHG emissions Total Scope 2 GHG emissions Total Scope 3 GHG emissions 123. 854 tons 90. 093 tons 126, 320 MWh 8, 569. 3tCO 2e 63, 112. 6tCO 2e 71, 821. 95tCO 2e The scope of statistics covers Areas A, B, and C of Dongguan Park.
MWh tCO2etCO2etCO2eClean electricity provided by photovoltaic power generation project Reducing emissions by photovoltaic power generation project approximately Carbon emissions reduction brought about by using electric buses Carbon emission reduction brought by innovative energy-saving measures over Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Commuting route optimization We reduced carbon emissions from commuting vehicles by shortening the distance between employee dormitories and the factory, reducing commuting mileage.
In 2023, a total of ten commute routes were optimized.
Value Creation Employee Growth Win-win Cooperation Industrial Co-ProsperityFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo 51
52 An enterprise s long-term and sustainable development depends on the concerted efforts of its employees, business partners and suppliers.
Conducted EHS training courses 816 Total course durationsessions 1, 396 hoursTotal duration of employee training 214, 709. 85 hours Proportion of suppliers that signed the agreement on sustainable procurement reached 96
53 Health and Safety Ensuring the occupational health and safety of employees is the prerequisite for all operations and the bottom line we adhere to.
These efforts have significantly improved our ability to protect employees' occupational health.
As of the end of 2023, vivo's Dongguan headquarters and Chongqing Industrial Park have passed the renewal audit of the ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System.
We released the Company-Level hazards and environmental factors, targets, indicators and Management Programs 2023 and the EHS Factor Identification and Risk Evaluation 2023.
These documents outline our annual objectives, indicators, and management programs for major hazards and significant environmental factors.
We comprehensively identified potential EHS risks, quantified risk values and grades, and prioritized risk prevention.
In 2023, all key EHS objectives were largely achieved and the LTIFR was 0. 415.
In 2023, vivo's Identification and Control of Potential Safety Hazards Prioritizing work safety and environmental management in all industrial parks, the Company continuously invests special funds for work safety and implements various initiatives to identify and control potential safety hazards.
These guidelines help us conduct thorough EHS risk inspections of factories and offices in each park.
In 2023, we conducted 71 EHS risk inspections at vivo's Dongguan headquarters and Chongqing Industrial Park, with the safety hazard closure rate reaching 100. 0 Occupational disease incidents among employees 100 Employee coverage of occupational health examinations and annual physical examinations 71 EHS risk inspections conducted 100 Safety hazard closure rate reaching Employee Growth vivo adheres to the core mission of creating a joyful and progressive environment for employees, always putting people first.
Our goal is to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace, supported by a fair and effective incentive system that encourages employee growth.
occupational health examinations and annual physical examinations covered 100 of the employees, and zero occupational disease incidents were recorded.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
54 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo 25The statistics of emergency drills include vivo s Dongguan headquarters, Chongqing Industrial Park, and R&D centers.
By integrating the humanistic philosophies of diversity, equality and inclusion into the Company's daily management and operations, we respect and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of all employees to create impartial and equal employment conditions.
We have developed a sound and competitive remuneration and benefit system and strive to create an inclusive and equitable working environment.
To this end, we have formulated the Administrative Regulations on Prohibiting the Employment of Child Labor and Remedial Measures for Mistaken Recruitment of Child Labor and the Administrative Regulations on the Prevention of Forced Labor, among other internal regulations and systems.
In 2023, the labor contract signing rate of vivo's employees was 100, and the Company had no incidents related to the use of child labor or forced labor.
vivo has formulated internal rules and regulations such as the Anti-discrimination Management System and the Anti-Workplace Sexual Harassment Regulations.
We prioritize the confidentiality of whistleblowers' information, ensure a balanced gender ratio among investigators, and conduct fair and impartial investigations to protect employees' rights and interests.
At the same time, we proactively conduct empowerment promotion through various initiatives, including incorporating the anti-sexual harassment system publicity into new employee induction training and hosting several specialized training sessions and courses on anti-sexual harassment.
These initiatives aim to foster a harmonious and stable workplace.
In 2023, our preventive training for discrimination and human rights violations covered 100 of employees, and there were zero proven incidents of discrimination.
Safety training For all new employees, we provide EHS training through the vCollege online learning platform.
For new production employees, we organize pre-job safety training at the first and second levels, as well as third-level on-site practical training to ensure that they master safety operation skills before starting their positions.
In 2023, all vivo EHS management personnel obtained relevant qualifications or training certificates, such as the Safety Training Certificate for the Principal Person-in-Charge, the Training Certificate for Safety Production Management Personnel, the Safety Management Personnel Training Certificate for Hazardous Chemicals Business Units, among others.
Moreover, the Company conducted 816 sessions of EHS-related training courses for key position employees, totaling 1, 396 hours and 47, 835 person-time participated in training Safety campaigns We regularly organize safety culture implementation months and fire safety campaigns to raise health and safety awareness among all employees.
Safety emergency drills To address various potential safety hazards, we conduct emergency drills for scenarios such as fire evacuation, hazardous chemical leakage, elevator failure, and gas leakage.
These drills improve employees' abilities in disaster prevention, self-rescue, and mutual aid.
In 2023, vivo held 105 emergency drills across 12 categories 25, involving a total of 22, 338 participants.
In 2023, vivo conducted EHS training courses 1, 396 Total course durationhourssessions 47, 835 person-time Total number of employees attending the EHS training courses 0 Incidents related to the use of child labor or forced labor 100 Employee coverage of preventive training for discrimination and human rights violations 0 Proven incidents of discrimination
55 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Diversity and Inclusion We promote a diverse and inclusive workplace culture by integrating these values into our management and operations, adopting targeted initiatives for the diverse needs of our employees, and creating a more relaxed and inclusive work environment.
The Company respects and values the cultural practices and religious beliefs of employees from different ethnic backgrounds.
For this commitment, we have implemented the Religious Belief Management System and other systems and rules.
In 2023, 8. 02 of our workforce and 4. 23 of our senior management (excluding the Board of Directors) were from ethnic minority groups 26.
In addition, vivo's European headquarters hosts various gatherings and organizes celebrations for local festivals, bringing together Chinese and international employees.
These activities foster cultural exchange and integration, enhancing team cohesion.
Through these events, we strengthen communication and cooperation among our employees and enhance their sense of integration and team cohesion.
In 2023, women represented 32. 31 of our workforce, and 16 of our senior management (excluding the Board of Directors) were female.
Events to celebrate the March 8 Women s Day With the theme that life is not defined by age, and you can always live as a goddess, vivo planned and organized events to celebrate Women s Day on March 8.
The flower arrangement, fun games, and other diversified well-de - signed activities alongside exquisite gifts brought holiday joy and warmth to every female employee in a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere.
vivo s Dongguan headquarters hosts a Chinese New Year Party for international employees at overseas factories In 2023, vivo Dongguan headquarters organized a Chinese New Year Party for international employees from overseas factories who came to exchange and study.
The party consisted of events full of traditional Chinese flavors such as writing spring couplets, guessing lantern riddles, writing lucky cards, and sticking cattail leaf fans.
Guided by their Chinese colleagues, the international employees experienced the charm of traditional Chinese culture.
Proportion of ethnic minority employees 4. 23 Proportion of ethnic minority employees in senior management (excluding the Board of Directors) 16 Proportion of female senior managers (excluding the Board of Directors) 26Ethnic minority employees only include ethnic minority groups in China.
vivo's European headquarters is owned by vivo Holdings Limited.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo vivo fully respects and protects the labor returns of all employees in strict accordance with the laws and regulations of the locations where it operates.
On top of statutory benefits, we provide our employees with a wide range of additional special benefits that support employees throughout their entire careers at vivo, fostering a healthy and sustainable corporate culture.
By creating a fair incentive mechanism and offering clear and accessible promotion channels, we support employees in achieving both personal fulfillment and corporate growth.
Employee Remuneration and Benefits Employee GrowthEmployee Development Statutory Benefits Social insurance, housing provident fund, statutory holidays, and holidays encouraged by state policies Additional Benefits and Care Life Benefits Shuttle buses, cafeterias, employee dormitories, vivo talent apartments (under construction), and BBK private schoolsWe continuously optimize our personnel training system by incorporating the principles of selection, appointment, training, and retention into the entire lifecycle of key positions.
This approach ensures comprehensive talent development and sustainable growth.
Every year, we conduct talent assessments to identify employees' strengths and gather their growth and development needs, allowing us to allocate resources effectively to support their growth.
In 2023, vivo developed 654 training courses and conducted a total of 214, 709. 85 training hours, averaging 2. 36 hours of online training and 13. 95 hours of offline training per employee.
Our efforts include developing over 30 high-quality online courses and hosting more than 40 internal expert sharing sessions, reaching over 5, 000 learners.
In 2023, we completed 164 expatriate training sessions.
Construction of internal lecturer team vivo continues to expand its team of internal certified lecturers.
We have created seven lecturer training camp programs, introduced classic general courses on project management, situational leadership, and horizontal collaboration, and continuously updated and iterated many professional courses to ensure they remain cutting-edge and practical.
These activities promote exchange and learning and attract more talented individuals to join our internal lecturer team.
Training courses developed 214, 709. 85 Total duration of online and offline traininghours Subsidies and Special Offers Subsidies for expatriates, travel subsidies, fuel subsidies for private cars, mobile phone credit subsidies, overtime taxi reimbursement, and rental subsidies; preferential offers for internal mobile phone purchases Physical and Mental Health Health facilities infirmaries (providing free medical treatment and medicine), gyms, recreation rooms Health examinations annual physical examinations; commercial insurance and travel insurance for certain positions and groups Mental health an online EAP service center for employees, which provides psychological assessments, consultation appointment, crisis intervention, and other services Holiday Gifts Gifts for the Chinese New Year, Dragon Boat Festival, and Mid-Autumn Festival, kick-off lucky money after the Chinese New Year holiday, and birthday cash gifts Other Benefits anniversary souvenirs, parental leave, severance allowance, special team-building expensesTalent Suppor Home leave for expatriates, benefits for the expatriate's family benefits for air tickets for home visits, and subsidies for family members; housing subsidies for campus-hired employees, travel subsidies for interviewees for experienced hires; assistance in applying for tax incentives in line with state policies, talent recognition, and national awardsCultural Activities Annual parties of the Company, the open day for family members, special festival activities (e. g., Goddess Day), sports club activities, singles' meetups
57 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Construction of a digital learning platform We have developed and improved our digital learning platform vCollege to provide employees with diversified course resources.
In 2023, vCollege offered a total of 951 learning programs, including 35 course topics, 628 new online courses, and 34 new online learning maps, bringing the total number of online courses to 2, 577.
The platform recorded an average of over 15, 000 logins per month.
Utilization of external resources We are committed to advancing external cooperation in various technical fields and contributing to the progress of the P 2 plan.
To this end, we invited more than 30 professors and industry experts from Tsinghua University, Zhejiang University, and other prestigious universities to share cutting-edge technology achievements.
The event has significantly enhanced our team's understanding and research of industry s cutting-edge technology trends, and improved their technological innovation capabilities.
vivo is committed to cultivating and training talented individuals.
Career Promotion Channels Training Course Targeted Audience Training Form Training Position Efficacy Onboarding training General vocational ability training Professional technical training Leadership training Special supportNew employees from campus and social recruitment All employees All employees Management Boot camps; five types of courses include culture, team, system, business, and workplace; and three types of activities include camp, class, and team Open courses, audio courses, and learning communities Specialized online training, project management learning camps, project manager boot camps, innovative courses by experts, communication and sharing NMP (New Manager Program) and online learning camps Special training for product managers (of mobile phones IOT Internet, etc.); TMT MMT training; expert sharing sessions; design thinking rotating trainingTo help them quickly fit in with the corporate culture and improve their job competency To enhance employees' professional capacity and general knowledge and comprehensively improve their overall capabilities such as growth, action, communication, thinking and collaboration To help employees gain professional knowledge and skills needed for their roles To help managers adapt to changing market conditions and business challenges To enhance specialized skills and awareness for key positions and expand interdisciplinary understanding and communicationTo ensure fair and equitable performance appraisals, we have established a sound performance evaluation system with standardized criteria.
Performance appraisals are conducted semi-annually and annually, rating employees at S, A, B, and C. These results inform promotions, salary adjustments, internal job reshuffles, and year-end bonuses, ensuring impartial evaluations and stimulating employee motivation and initiative.
In 2023, 100 of vivo s employees received regular performance and career development evaluations.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Employee Communication and Care We actively listen to our employees, gathering their opinions and feedback.
We prioritize their physical and mental well-being, and encourage a positive lifestyle to enhance their overall happiness and sense of belonging.
Employee Communication vivo focuses on protecting employees rights to know, participate, express, and supervise.
By maintaining open communication channels, we ensure that every employee s voice is heard.
Complaints and feedback are handled by dedicated personnel to address and resolve issues promptly.
In 2023, vivo conducted a 3S (Say, Stay, Strive) model engagement survey and a 4C (good return, good development, good company, good atmosphere) model satisfaction survey for all employees.
Valuable suggestions were collected from employees, and a targeted rectification plan was formulated accordingly to improve the Company s internal management processes.
During the year, more than 12, 000 employees were invited to participate in the survey, and more than 10, 000 responses were collected.
Focusing on managers management approaches, affinity, emotion management, and principles, we conducted a quarterly anonymous questionnaire survey focused on the workgroup atmosphere for frontline production employees.
More than 100 issues and suggestions were collected and addressed through visits and investigations by the employee care team.
In 2023, our hotline received 892 inquiries from employees.
During the year, we developed a crisis referral process with an external agency to standardize mental health risk assessments, risk-leveling criteria, and intervention procedures.
Emotion Management Training vivo invites external professional lecturers to provide employees with training on topics such as Decoding Children's Emotions and Developing a Positive and Enterprising Mindset.
These sessions guide employees in coping with stress and challenges, establishing a healthy and positive lifestyle, alleviating psychological pressure, and maintaining good working conditions.
Aiding Employees in Difficulties We actively support employees facing difficulties by investing nearly RMB 1 million in aid funds throughout the year, demonstrating our care and commitment.
In 2023, we secured RMB 157, 500 in subsidies for 239 employees.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Employees at vivo vivo emphasizes employees quality of life and cares for their physical and mental health.
Each office park and production area is equipped with a buffet cafeteria that serves thousands of employees, offering nutritionally balanced meals with subsidies.
Each park is equipped with an infirmary to provide employees with free medical consultation and comprehensive medical assistance.
These activities promote a healthy corporate culture and strengthen communication and camaraderie among employees.
Family Open Day Little Dream Chasers In 2023, vivo organized a Family Open Day with the theme of Little Dream Chasers, which featured innovative interactive forms, including a Frisbee game for beginners, fun sports matches, and a fun science lab.
The colorful parent-child interactive activities allowed all participants to enjoy good company in a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Win-win Cooperation vivo firmly believes that high-quality corporate development depends on win-win partnerships.
By leveraging our strengths to empower our partners, we enhance their competitiveness, improve collaborative efficiency, and increase the value of the entire industry chain, achieving shared growth.
Sustainable Supply Chain vivo comply with the International Code of Business Ethics and the United Nations Global Compact as well as the laws and regulations of the regions where it operates.
Through these efforts, we strive to build a sustainable supply chain with our suppliers.
In 2023, 96 of vivo s suppliers signed the agreement on sustainable procurement.
During the year, we conducted special audits on key CSR areas to ensure supplier compliance with our standards and requirements, effectively reducing supply chain risks.
The assessment methods include on-site reviews and supplier self-assessment, involving environmental management systems, design and development, procurement and supplier management, incoming materials, and finished product sampling management, production management, and logistics and warehousing management.
The improvement of problematic points was tracked to achieve a 100 closed loop.
Comprehensive assessments in logistics We conducted comprehensive assessments for 16 logistics suppliers on social responsibility, safety, and environmental systems.
This initiative aims to strengthen communication in the logistics supply chain and enhance risk management awareness and sustainability.
Special audits on EHS Using the Supplier EHS Audit checklist we conducted special EHS audits on 12 suppliers, focusing on fire safety, occupational health, and other dimensions.
Special audits on information security We have deepened our information security management standards for business partners.
We conducted special information security management audits for 14 high-risk business partners according to supplier categories and security level assessments, which were centered on risk management, personnel management, and delivery acceptance.
In the audits, information security risks and vulnerabilities in the supply chain were effectively identified.
The audit pass rate was 100. vivo emphasizes timely, comprehensive, and effective communication with suppliers.
Through open and effective channels, we maintain strong cooperative relationships with our suppliers and foster a win-win collaboration model.
This conference promotes our quality management concepts to business partners and seeks consensus on key issues.
It also serves as a platform for discussing supply chain performance, technical innovation, and other relevant topics, while recognizing outstanding suppliers.
In 2023, we presented a total of 142 awards, including 15 Best Innovation Awards, 8 Progress Awards, and 56 Quality Excellence Awards.
We shared necessary resources and technical support with our partner.
Together, we overcame the difficulty in molding 1G7P large-diameter glass aspherical lenses, creating the industry s first 1-inch G P 28 lens.
At the same time, the main camera aperture of vivo s products reached F1. 75, becoming the largest aperture lens in the industry.
This initiative not only significantly improves the quality of our own products but also boost the technological innovation of our partners.
Conflict Minerals Management vivo strictly observes the laws and regulations related to conflict minerals.
We have released the vivo Statement on Sourcing of Responsible Minerals on the official website, and formulated the vivo Specifications for Managing Procurement of Responsible Minerals with reference to the main guiding principles of the Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas of Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), to implement strict management of conflict minerals in the supply chain.
vivo strictly prohibits the use of conflict minerals in supplier contracts and agreements to ensure that all materials come from legitimate sources.
At the same time, we require our suppliers to set up a responsible minerals procurement management system to trace conflict minerals and related minerals within their supply chains.
Suppliers must regularly report to vivo using the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) and ensure that their smelters or refineries are certified by the Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP) or equivalent organizations.
In 2023, vivo conducted due diligence on all suppliers involved with conflict minerals, achieving a 100 closed-loop rate for due diligence.
Our initiatives include hosting supplier conferences, organizing specialized training sessions, creating informative short videos, conducting on-site audits, and guiding corrective actions.
These initiatives have significantly boosted suppliers' awareness and management capabilities in these key areas.
In 2023, 231 suppliers participated in our sustainability capacity improvement training programs.
Among them, 327 supplier representatives attended our environmental protection training, with a 97 pass rate on the assessments.
We also conducted four training sessions for hazardous substance management, attended by 239 supplier personnel.
This year, we assessed all suppliers participating in our capacity-building program to ensure the continuous improvement and development of our supply chain.
Due diligence closed loop rate of suppliers involved in conflict minerals 28 G and P refer to the ratio of glass to plastic lenses.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Industrial Co-Prosperity vivo believes in collaborating for sustained development and that open cooperation and reciprocal sharing between corporations are important drivers for the development of the industry.
Upholding our vision of healthier and more sustainable development, we partner with key stakeholders to create value and actively fulfill our responsibilities to promote sustainable industry progress.
By collaborating with various parties, we advance cutting-edge and key industrial technologies, cultivate high-caliber industrial experts, and boost the sustainable development of the industry.
Technological Development Technological innovation cannot be separated from the guidance and regulation of standards.
While continuously promoting our own technological development, vivo actively organizes and joins relevant industry associations and alliances, contributing to the formulation of technical specifications and standards that promote industry-wide standardization.
In 2023, vivo was engaged in the formulation of more than 700 industry standards of various types and output more than 2, 900 proposals or suggestions.
AI and LLM vivo actively advances the standardization of AI and large language models (LLMs).
By focusing on core modules such as speech recognition, image recognition, natural language processing, and computer vision, vivo ensures the legal, safe, and credible application of innovative technologies, making these technologies more accurate and reliable.
In addition, we share strategic industry insights and vivo s technological R&D case studies and provide AI beginners with learning resources to help them improve technical skills and build an understanding and cognitive framework for the industry.
Collaborating with industry partners, we have contributed to the development of several important standards, including the General Specification for Minors Protection of Smart Mobile Terminal, the Technical Requirements for the Minor Mode of Mobile Internet Applications, the Assessment Methods for the Minor Mode of Mobile Internet Applications, the Technical Requirements for the Protection of Minors in Mobile Internet Applications and Application Distribution Platforms, and the Technical Requirements for Software for the Protection of Minors in Cyberspace.
Our goal is to advance the technical standardization for the protection of minors, ensuring a safer and healthier environment for their use of smart devices.
Emergency Positioning Services Standardizing technical specifications for emergency positioning services (EPS) is essential for improving management and rescue efficiency.
vivo has actively contributed in the development of industry standards, including the Location System Based on Emergency Position Service Part 1 Overall Requirements, the Location System Based on Emergency Position Service Part 2 Technical Requirements for Data Transmission, the Location System Based on Emergency Position Service Part 3 Technical Requirements and Test Methods for Platforms, and the Location System Based on Emergency Position Service Part 4 Technical Requirements and Test Methods for Terminals.
The PD and PPS protocols, both set under the leadership of the USB-IF (USB Implementers Forum), allow devices to increase charging power by adjusting the output of transmitted data and adjusting voltage and current, thus shortening charging duration.
The Fast Charging Alliance of Guangdong Province (Fast Charging Alliance) is China's first association for the consumer electronic terminal fast charging industry, which focuses on promoting the standardization and ecology of UFCS technology.
Mobile Terminals and Communication Technology vivo has been actively involved in the research and application of 5G and 6G communication standards.
These standards include the Technical Requirements and Test Methods for Satellite Positioning Capability of Mobile Intelligent Terminal, the Technical Requirements & Test Methods for Civil Cellular Communication Terminal Equipment Supporting BeiDou-3 s Regional Short Message Communication, the 5G Digital Cellular Mobile Telecommu - nication Network-Technical Requirements of RedCap User Equipment (Phase I), and the Technical Requirements for Core Network Multicast-Broadcast of the 5G Mobile Communication Network.
Our standard-setting efforts span various fields, including 5G technology, satellite positioning for terminals, and electronic network access authorization marking.
As of December 2023, we had submitted around 13, 500 5G proposals to the 3GPP standardiza - tion organization and filed over 5, 000 5G invention patents, and had initiated the projects of terminal power saving, multi-card terminals, LP-WUS WUR 29, and other technologies, becoming the first Chinese terminal enterprise to launch projects in 3GPP.
In 2023, vivo also released several 6G whitepapers, namely, 6G Network Architecture, Convergence of AI and Communication, and Integrated Sensing and Communication Technology.
Fast Charging vivo has partnered with several brands on supporting PD (Power Delivery) and PPS (Programmable Power Supply) protocols 30 to enhance users cross-brand charging experience.
We joined hands with industry lead - ers to set up the Guangdong Fast Charging Alliance 31, promoting the industrial application of Unified Fast Charging Standard (UFCS) technology to improve user experience and charging efficiency.
As a primary initiator of the Fast Charging Alliance, we played an active role in discussing and drafting UFCS 2. 0.
Additionally, two UFCS standards co-developed by vivo were recognized as Application Demonstration Projects of Group Standards of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for 2023.
Radiation Safety vivo is committed to advancing the radiation safety industry through active participation in the development and review of both domestic and international standards.
As a member of the Electromagnetic Environment and Safety Protection Technical Committee (CCSA TC9), vivo led and contributed to the development of over ten EMC and SAR industry standards.
Our efforts are centered on integrating 5G technology with electromagnetic exposure testing, researching and standardizing millimeter wave testing requirements, and developing measurement methods for new wearable devices.
Ageing Resistance and Fluency of Mobile Intelligent Terminals vivo led the upgrading of the industry standards for ageing resistance and fluency of mobile terminals and supported the revision and upgrading of the Evaluation Specification of Aging Performance for Mobile Intelligent Terminal and the Module and Test Method of Aging Test on File System Based on Android Mobiles and Smart Terminals.
vivo also participated in the compilation of the national standards Ergonomics of Human-System Interaction in Mobile Terminal Part 3 Perceived Fluency of Touch Interface and the industry standards User Experience of Smart Terminal Test Method for Fluency Performance.
These initiatives have promoted the healthy development of the mobile terminal industry, ensuring with a fluent user experience that is stable in the long run.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
64 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo In recent years, vivo has partnered with upstream and downstream partners to form ecological alliances and associations.
By promoting technological innovation and application through standardization, we work to eliminate technical barriers in the industry and build a sustainable, innovation-driven ecosystem.
vivo actively joins technology associations and alliances in the ICT industry to facilitate the commercialization and application of industry innovations.
Industry chain synergy vivo joins hands with upstream and downstream partners in the Internet of Things (IoT) industry chain in the OLA Alliance and the CSA Alliance-Matter Working Group to promote standard-setting, demonstration applications, and the development of industrial ecologies in intelligent Internet of Everything (IoE).
Technical cooperation and innovation Built on the Intelligent Terminal Golden Seal Alliance (ITGSA), vivo joins hands with partners in the Android OS terminal ecology to promote the adaptation of Android application software to the 64-bit architecture, enhance application performance, encourage developers to innovate, and the industry to advance.
vivo s achievements and results in the intelligent in-vehicle industry In 2021, vivo led the establishment of the Intelligent Car Connectivity Open Alliance (ICCOA) in conjunction with industry partners, which is focused on the innovative development of mobile phone-car connectivity.
In 2023, vivo served as the secretary general of the ICCOA, the head of the Car Connectivity Working Group, and the deputy head of the Integration Working Group and the Car Key Working Group.
It actively bolstered technology collaboration, standards research, and application promotion for intelligent terminal-car connectivity, and achieved the deep integration of mobile phones and cars, technology and data, hardware and software, thus enhanc - ing user experience.
In the year, the alliance released three group standards and launched 33 models based on the standards.
Intelligent Terminal Golden Seal Alliance (ITGSA)It conducts research on technical standards of intelligent terminal software, accelerates application through pilot demonstration and industrial cooperation, and builds a service platform for the technical standard ecology of intelligent terminal software.
It integrates mobile terminals, cars, technology, and data and facilitates the interconnection between mobile terminals and cars through research on technologies and standards for connectivity between intelligent terminals and cars.
Intelligent Car Connectivity Open Alliance (ICCOA) vivo s Associations Alliances Membership 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project) CCSA (China Communications Standards Association)ETSI (European Telecommunications Standards Institute) ITU (International Telecommunication Union)OLA (Open Link Association)TAF (Telecommunication Terminal Industry Forum Association) IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electron - ics Engineers)CSA (Connectivity Standards Alliance)CCC Car Connectivity Consortium
65 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Talent Cultivation High-caliber interdisciplinary experts are crucial for the ongoing innovation and development of the ICT industry.
vivo is dedicated to building research platforms that support talented individuals in conducting innovative research, thereby strengthening the industry's workforce and fostering growth in the ICT sector.
By integrating industry, academia, and research, we leverage these institutions' scientific research capabilities and teaching resources.
Research projects vivo has undertaken several national, provincial, and municipal research projects and has published numerous monographs, including The Fifth Generation Wireless Paradigm from Building Blocks to Complete Networking, A Systematic View on 5G from Creation to Innovation, and 6G Transformation from Communication to Multi-capability Convergence.
These efforts facilitate the integration of knowledge and application, promoting a positive cycle of collaboration between industry, academia, research, and practical application.
Huazhong University of Science and Technology-vivo Information and Communication Joint Research Center established In May 2023, the Huazhong University of Science and Technology-vivo Joint Research Center for Information and Communication was inaugurated at vivo s Dongguan headquarters.
Focusing on image processing, AI, communication technology, and extended reality, the center deepens the two parties strategic cooperation in scientific research, personnel training, and the transformation of achievements.
The aim is to create more leading breakthroughs and jointly incubate and research advanced communication technology under long-term and stable industry-academia-research partnerships.
Nanjing University-vivo Hackathon In 2023, the Software Institute of Nanjing University and vivo hosted a Hackathon for college students in software engineering and related fields in China.
A total of 66 teams with 198 participants from 27 universities across China participated in the competition.
The Hackathon increased the exchange of talented students from different universities, cultivated partici - pants teamwork and innovation mindset, and comprehensively enhanced their software development ability.
OpenAtom Open Source Competition vivo BlueOS Innovation Competition In 2024, vivo joined the OpenAtom Foundation and other organizations to host the OpenAtom Open Source Competition vivo BlueOS Innovation Competition, featured two topics, BlueOS Innovative Application Development and BlueOS Code Translation Tools.
More than 300 developers and more than 200 teams participated in the competition.
This event aimed to nurture talent with OS knowledge and skills, build an open platform for high-caliber OS technicians to exchange, display their talent, and collaborate, and boost the global open source ecology.
Community Responsibility Sound Operation Business Ethics Public Welfare Global Welfare66 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
67 Upholding the concept of shoring up a bright responsible future, vivo is committed to delivering sustainable value for society with strong enthusiasm.
We have been insisting on compliance operation, promoting robust internal governance, following business ethics and fully supporting fair trade.
As an active participant in global public welfare, we promote social development both at home and abroad by leveraging our strengths, with a particular focus on public demands.
With these efforts, we strive to promote a virtuous cycle of our development and social growth.
Percentage of employees covered by information security training reachedThe National Parks Protection Campaign had covered national parks The National Parks Protection Campaign had covered nature reserves The National Parks Protection Campaign supporting patrols nearly 100 The signing rate of the Integrity and Honest Cooperation Agreement with key suppliers The signing rate of the Integrity Commitment with employees 100 100 4 38 10, 000
68 Sound Operation Healthy corporate governance is the cornerstone for the sustainable development of a company.
Information Security Compliance Information security safeguards our core competitiveness.
For this purpose, we have built five protective screens for information security.
In accordance with laws and regulations as well as industry standards, we have established a sound process and system for information security.
In case of an information security incident, relevant departments will act immediately, and an intensive training will be organized for the relevant departments to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents.
In 2023, vivo experienced a total of 18 information security incidents, all of which were promptly addressed, followed by reviews and improvements to reduce the risk of recurrence.
Information Security Management vivo complies with the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for Administration of Classified Protection of Information Security, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and other relevant Chinese and international regulations.
In line with these laws, we have developed a comprehensive set of internal regulations, including the Information Security Manual, Information Security Management Strategy, the Cybersecurity Management System, and the IT Network Security System.
Enhancing risk management capability We adhere to the five components of information security word, which include risk control, training and communication, measure verification, continuous refinement, and rewards and punishments.
Optimizing the emergency response process We have established a cybersecurity incident emergency response team with clearly defined responsibilities for each member.
Extended risk management We audit information security systems and controls, implement improvements based on audit results, and enhance our information security assurance capabilities.
In 2023, vivo continued to conduct information security audits on business partners.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
69 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Security Technology Upgrade vivo stays committed to upgrading its information security protection technology.
This system includes an intrusion detection system (IDS) for all traffic, a web application firewall, a next-generation firewall, a host-based intrusion detection system (HIDS), a big data security platform, a security operation center, and attack surface management (ASM).
These tools and mechanisms enable us to efficiently identify and protect against external threats at each critical level.
Text encryption technology We categorize and manage the company s data and information confidentially, employing data encryption, anonymization, desensitization, and auditing techniques to ensure data security during storage, transmission, and use.
In 2023, we implemented robust protective measures for core business areas to restrict the dissemination of sensitive information.
Identity authentication technology We adopt the single sign-on (SSO) system, two-factor authentication, Oauth2 SAML authentication, and fingerprint and facial recognition through the FIDO2 authentication to enhance the accuracy and convenience of user identity verification.
As of the end of 2023, we had integrated these technologies across more than 360 business systems, providing a seamless login experience and unified identity authentication and access control for users.
Access control technology We apply the principle of least privilege for access control across various public cloud regions to reduce security risks.
We have also strengthened permission control, data isolation, and export auditing for operations on production system databases to ensure traceability and security.
In 2023, we conducted internal penetration testing, proactively identifying and addressing 830 risks.
Additionally, we participated in the joint cybersecurity offensive and defensive exercise between Dongguan and Shaoguan.
During this exercise, we achieved a perfect score with zero points lost as defenders among 353 government and enterprise units, demonstrating vivo's professionalism and commitment to security protection.
Information Security Publicity vivo enhances information security awareness among employees and partners through a combination of online and offline training.
In 2023, we conducted information security training for all new hires and current employees, with specialized training and assessments for key positions.
Conducting the Confrontation Exercise To enhance the Company's cybersecurity defense capabilities, vivo actively conducted a team confrontation exercise to test the security defenses of business systems and office network environments.
This allows for the timely identification and repair of potential security vulnerabilities and the development of targeted risk response plans.
In 2023, we conducted four internal team confrontation exercises, conducting lateral penetration tests for key special services, important centralized operations and maintenance, the SSO system, and more.
Business Ethics vivo adheres to the core philosophy of operating with integrity and abiding by business ethics in business management.
Our commitment is to uphold market fairness and order.
Fair Trade We have formulated and implemented comprehensive regulations and policies to ensure compliance with anti-trust and competition laws worldwide.
In China, we have strengthened the structure and responsibilities of the Anti-Monopoly Compliance Committee, adhering to our internal anti-monopoly compliance strategy, setting clear objectives, and implementing effective prevention and improvement mechanisms to mitigate the risks of monopolization.
Any issues identified during inspections are promptly addressed and corrected, enhancing our internal legal review mechanisms to prevent monopoly violations.
In 2023, vivo completed the spot check and risk review of all key overseas regions.
vivo emphasizes the importance of anti-monopoly and competition law compliance among its employees.
Our overseas legal team regularly monitors, analyzes, and interprets the latest developments and key cases related to anti-monopoly and competition laws in international markets, providing timely and professional legal information.
These sessions include in-depth interpretations of legal provisions and disclosures of compliance risks, thereby enhancing the compliance awareness of our business teams.
In 2023, vivo completed the work of disclosing anti-monopoly and competition law compliance risks and promoting compliance awareness in key overseas markets.
Integrity Building vivo upholds a strict anti-corruption philosophy of zero tolerance, full coverage, and accountability system, adhering to the principles of prudence, compliance, and confidentiality in anti-corruption investigations.
We are committed to standardizing our integrity system, improving integrity mechanisms, and normalizing and diversifying integrity education, thereby fostering a corporate culture of integrity and honesty.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
71 The number of anti-corruption training sessions held The number of employees participating in anti-corruption training The signing rate of the Integrity Commitment with employees The signing rate of the Integrity and Honest Cooperation Agreement with key suppliers 22 2, 476 100 100 Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Collaborative supervision We utilize both internal and external resources to enhance our internal audit mechanisms and control environment, thereby improving the integrity system's coverage.
In 2023, vivo's internal audits and risk assessments of business ethics covered all operational locations.
Investigation and handling We conduct thorough investigations into all corrupt practices while protecting the legitimate rights and interests of employees.
This includes addressing gang-related corruption and internal-external collusion.
Reporting management vivo encourages employees, suppliers, and other business partners, as well as the general public to report any instances of bribery, related-party transactions, fraud, or other improper activities under their real names.
In 2023, we conducted 22 anti-corruption special training sessions, involving 2, 467 core position employees who participated in the training and passed the assessment, achieving a 100 coverage rate of employees trained in business ethics.
In 2023, the signing rate reached 100. vivo sticks to the principles of honesty, integrity, mutual trust, and win-win cooperation throughout partnerships for honest operation.
In 2023, we achieved a 100 signing rate of the Integrity and Honest Cooperation Agreement with key suppliers, ensuring their commitment to vivo's anti-corruption standards and requirements.
Percentage of operational locations covered by vivo's internal audits and risk assessments of business ethics
72 Capture the Future Summer Camp 32The Capture the Future Public Welfare Program was filed as Adream Foundation vivo Aesthetic Education Foundation in the Civil Affairs Bureau.
Public Welfare As a corporate citizen, vivo keeps focusing on the public development and human well-being and paying earnest attention to basic and developmental needs of all sectors of society.
By leveraging our platform and technological strengths, we enhance information accessibility through various featured public welfare programs, bringing convenience and joy to everyone through technology.
vivo has long been committed to using technology to advance aesthetic education in China, allowing every child to discover, experience, and create beauty.
In July 2022, vivo, in collaboration with the Adream Foundation and the China Academy of Art Education Foundation, launched the Capture the Future Public Welfare Program 32.
This initiative aims to empower rural aesthetic education and enhance children's literacy in the arts, immersing them in the world of art.
The program helps improve children's aesthetic appreciation and fosters a sense of identity and pride in Chinese native culture, thereby nurturing their imagination and creativity.
The program has reached 29 rural central primary schools across six counties in four provinces Jiangxi, Guizhou, Gansu, and Yunnan.
The program seeks to empower rural aesthetic education and raise public awareness about its importance.
During the summer camp, children visited the vivo laboratory, where they were inspired to explore new ideas.
They participated in seaside photography sessions and urban exploration activities to heighten their sensory awareness, and aesthetic education workshops to foster their creativity.
Aesthetic Education Incubation vivo's Capture the Future Public Welfare Program held five training sessions for aesthetic education teachers across six counties in four provinces, with a total of 160 participants.
We regularly invited public welfare education experts to visit rural areas and provide targeted teaching guidance, improving the aesthetic education literacy and teaching skills of rural teachers.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
73 In collaboration with the Shanghai Adream Development Center and the Shanghai Helin Art Promotion Institution, vivo organized the Capture the Future Rural Education Officials Aesthetic Education Study Camp.
This year, vivo's Capture the Future Public Welfare Program received widespread praise from all sectors of society, winning awards such as the Annual Rural Revitalization High-Quality Project at the Southern Weekly Dreamers Public Welfare Conference, the Annual Responsible Brand at the 2023 Annual Charity Gala of Weibo, the Annual Responsible Practice and Public Welfare Project at The Paper's 2023 Responsibility Practitioners Meeting, one of the Top Ten Outstanding Charity Cases of 2023 by Jiemian.
vivo will continue to steadfastly advance on the path of promoting the development of aesthetic education in China.
Love Without Hindrance, Voice with Breath We believe that love and technology can overcome any barrier.
We are dedicated to ensuring that technological innovations benefit everyone, bridging the digital divide, and exploring the intersection of technology and public welfare.
In 2021, vivo joined hands with the Audiology Development Foundation of China (ADFC) and other public welfare partners to launch the Echo of Care Public Welfare Program.
This initiative aims to improve communication and quality of life for people with disabilities through technological co-creation, donations, joint research, and public welfare advocacy.
Our goal is to help create a more accessible social environment and promote the integration of people with disabilities.
In 2022, the program supported 133 parents with hearing impairments, helping them listen to their children's needs.
In 2023, the program shifted its focus to helping young people with hearing impairments find employment, launching initiatives to support their job searches and career development.
Concern for the employment of people with hearing impairments in China Together with the ADFC and Southern Weekly, we conducted a research project, released the Employment Research Report of the Hearing-Impaired, and filmed the documentary Silent Youth.
Support for the career development of youth with disabilities We donated accessible smart devices to 500 hearing-impaired students and young individuals from special education schools nationwide.
This workshop provided a platform for users to share their accessibility needs and feedback on product experiences, fostering greater involvement of young people with disabilities in vivo's accessibility initiatives.
On November 1, 2023, vivo officially launched the third Echo of Care Public Welfare Program.
In collaboration with mentors for the disabled, we visited schools for students with special needs to help young people with disabilities explore and discover new possibilities in life.
This year, the Echo of Care Public Welfare Program was recognized as an excellent example of AI application in public welfare and was selected for the World Internet Conference's AI For Social Good Action Plan as a Typical Practice of AI in Global Public Welfare.
Notably, it was the only case selected from a mobile phone brand by the World Internet Conference.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo Silent Youth documentary
74 Driving Ecological Construction with Technology, Safeguarding the Natural Harmony As the ecological environment is the foundation for human survival and development, vivo has been vigorously contributing to the ecological civilization.
Integrating technology into environmental protection practices, we drive the public to pursue a green lifestyle.
Since 2022, vivo has been playing an active role in the National Parks Protection Campaign with various efforts such as equipment donation, skill training, and public welfare advocacy.
As of the end of 2023, this initiative had covered the Three-River Source National Park, Qilian Mountain National Park, Northeast China Tiger and Leopard National Park, Asian Elephant National Park, and 38 other nature reserves, supporting nearly ten thousand patrols.
Patrol course development vivo collaborated with industry experts to develop patrol courses and produced a long video featuring real-life patrols, short animated videos on field patrol, and a field patrol skills manual.
The material was promoted in national parks and nature reserves worldwide through regional partners, with over 10, 000 patrols watching the videos and using the field patrol skills manual.
The related courses were also released on social media platforms like Weibo, WeChat, and short video platforms with over 2. 15 million views, effectively promoting field survival knowledge and skills to the general public.
Patrol capability training vivo conducted patrol management capability training and competitions for patrols in national parks and nature reserves, enhancing their professional skills and emergency response capabilities in the field.
Creating Public Values Through Digital Platforms We strive to promote digital platform-based public welfare and encourage public engagement.
These initiatives aim to increase public participation in information accessibility, environmental protection, and rural aesthetic education.
Through the vivo credit point mall, we converted users' valuable actions within the vivo ecosystem into social contributions.
In 2023, the vivo credit point mall attracted a total of 157, 928 participants, receiving 5, 041, 193 boosts of loving hearts.
In 2023, vivo's global team implemented a series of public welfare projects across various fields, including childcare, environmental protection, and community development, making significant contributions to building a better world.
Caring for Development of the Needy Children vivo pays attention to the all-round development of underprivileged children in developing countries.
In 2023, vivo provided abundant learning and living materials for impoverished children in countries such as Thailand, Bangladesh, and Colombia.
Through donations and organization of imaging course activities, we enhanced the quality of life for these children and empowered their future with technology and aesthetic education.
Environmental Protection vivo recognizes that the ecological environment is fundamental to human existence and that a healthy environment is essential for maintaining human health and safety.
We are committed to environmental protection through concrete actions aimed at maintaining ecological balance.
Community Donation vivo is committed to promoting community development in the areas where it operates and actively fulfills its social responsibility commitments.
In 2023, escorted by Dubai police, we delivered essential living supplies and food to over 500 workers in labor camps.
Additionally, our team in Sri Lanka donated solid food to 800 patients at a cancer hospital 34, demonstrating our commitment to care and support.
A three-year public welfare imaging course was initiated for the children of six children's villages in the area and donated BDT 8 million to SOS Children's Villages, injecting new vitality into the development of quality education for children in Bangladesh.
The Ocean Cleanup Action in Colombia 33 In September 2023, members of vivo's Colombia team collaborated with students from the University of Magdalena to initiate an ocean cleanup action.
Together, they investigated the various environmental protection measures adopted by vivo globally.
The event was initiated by the local agency team in the name of vivo.
The event was initiated by the local agency team in the name of vivo.
vivo s Sri Lanka team donates solid food to patients in a cancer hospital Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
76 GRI Index Chapter Page SDGs GRI Index Chapter Page SDGs General disclosure General disclosure EconomicGRI 2 Organization and its Reporting Practices GRI 2 Strategy, policies and practices GRI 2 Stakeholder engagement GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 GRI 201 Economic PerformanceGRI 2 Activities and Workers GRI 2 GovernanceGRI 2-1 GRI 2-3 GRI 2-4 GRI 2-5GRI 2-2GRI 2-22 GRI 201-2 GRI 201-3GRI 2-26GRI 2-23 GRI 2-24 GRI 2-25 GRI 2-27 GRI 2-28 GRI 2-29 GRI 3-1GRI 2-30 GRI 3-2 GRI 3-3Organizational details Statement on sustainable development strategy Embedding policy commitments Processes to remediate negative impacts Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Compliance with laws and regulations Approach to stakeholder engagemen Collective bargaining agreements Process to determine material topics Management of material topics Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate changeList of material topicsMembership associationsPolicy commitmentsSustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Sound Operation Sound Operation Industrial Co-Prosperity Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Green Operation Employee GrowthEmployee GrowthSustainability GovernanceReporting period, frequency and contact information Activities, value chain, and other business relationships Governance structure and composition Chair of the highest governance body Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting Conflicts of interest Communication of critical concernsEmployeesRestatements of information External assuranceEntities included in the organization's sustainability reporting Defined fixed benefit plans and other retirement plansAbout the Report About the Report About the Report About the Report About the Report Company Profile Employee Growth Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Business Ethics Sustainability GovernanceP03 P03 P03 P03 P03P09-14 P09-14 P09-14 P43-50 P53-59P09-14P64-66 P68-69 P62-65 P09-14 P53-59 P09-14 P09-14P09-14P05 P53-59 P09-14 P09-14 P70-71 P09-14P09-14P09-14 P09-14GRI 2-9 GRI 2-13 GRI 2-15 GRI 2-16GRI 2-14GRI 2-11GRI 2-6 GRI 2-7 GRI 2-12GRI Standard Index Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
77 Economic GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 301 Materials GRI 302 Energy GRI 303 Water and EffluentsGRI 205 Anti-corruption Environment GRI 302-5GRI 203-1 P72-75 P72-75 P38-42 P38-42 P38-42 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50P43-50 P38-50 P50-55GRI 203-2 P70-71 P70-71GRI 205-1 GRI 302-2 GRI 303-1GRI 302-4 GRI 303-2GRI 301-1 GRI 301-2GRI 205-2 GRI 301-3 GRI 302-1Infrastructure investments and services supportedPublic Welfare Global Welfare Public Welfare Global Welfare Business Ethics Business Ethics Eco-Friendly Product Eco-Friendly Product Eco-Friendly Product Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Green OperationGreen Operation Eco-Friendly Product Green OperationSignificant indirect economic impacts Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Materials used by weight or volume Recycled input materials used Reclaimed products and their packaging materials Energy consumption within the organization Energy consumption outside of the organization Reduction of energy consumption Reductions in energy requirements of products and services Interactions with water as a shared resource Management of water discharge-related impactsGRI Index Chapter Page SDGs Environment GRI 304 Biodiversity GRI 305 Emissions GRI 306 Waste GRI 308 Supplier Environmental AssessmentGRI 304-3 P72-74 P60-61 P60-61GRI 305-1 GRI 305-2 GRI 305-5 GRI 305-7 GRI 308-1 GRI 308-2GRI 306-1 GRI 306-2 GRI 306-3 GRI 306-4 GRI 306-5Habitats protected or restored Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Reduction of GHG emissions Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts Management of significant waste-related impacts New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions takenWaste generated Waste diverted from disposal Waste directed to disposalGreen Operation Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Win-Win Cooperation Win-Win CooperationPublic WelfareGRI Index Chapter Page SDGs GRI 303 Water and Effluents Green Operation P38-42GRI 303-3 GRI 302-4 GRI 303-5Green Operation Green OperationWater withdrawal Water discharge Water consumption Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
78 Society Society GRI 401 EmploymentGRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 406 Non-discrimination GRI 413 Local Communities GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety GRI 404 Training and EducationGRI 417 Marketing and Labeling GRI 418 Customer PrivacyGRI 401-2GRI 405-1P53-59P53-59 P53-59 P53-59P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59P50-55 P72-75 P60-61 P60-61 P29-33 P38-42 P38-42 P29-33 P38-42 P29-33GRI 401-3GRI 405-2 GRI 403-1GRI 406-1 GRI 403-9 GRI 404-1GRI 417-1 GRI 404-2 GRI 404-3GRI 418-1GRI 403-10GRI 416-2GRI 416-1GRI 403-6GRI 414-1 GRI 403-7GRI 414-2GRI 403-3GRI 403-2 GRI 403-4GRI 413-1 GRI 403-5 GRI 403-8Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employeesDiversity of governance bodies and employees Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programsIncidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories Incidents of noncompliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services Requirements for product and service information and labeling Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer dataParental leave Occupational health and safety management system Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Occupational health services Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system Work-related injuries Work-related ill health Average hours of training per year per employee Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviewsWorker training on occupational health and safety Promotion of worker healthEmployee GrowthEmployee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Public Welfare Global Welfare Win-Win Cooperation Win-Win Cooperation Eco-Friendly Products Product Safety and Reliability Eco-Friendly ProductsProduct Safety and Reliability Eco-Friendly Products Product Safety and ReliabilityEmployee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee GrowthFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo GRI Index GRI Index Chapter Chapter Page Page SDGs SDGs
79 Independence Assurance ReportFeedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo SGS -CSTC S REPORT ON SUSTAINABILITY ACTIVITIES IN THE IVO HOLDINGS LIMITED s 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT NATURE OF THE ASSURANCE VERIFICATION SGS -CSTC STANDARDS TECHNICAL SERVICES CO., LTD. (hereinafter referred to as SGS) was commissioned by VIVO HOLDINGS LIMITED to conduct an independent assurance of the Chinese versi on of VIVO HOLDINGS LIMITED s (hereinafter referred to as vivo ) 2023 Sustainability Report (hereinafter referred to as the Report).
INTENDED USERS OF THIS ASSURANCE STATEMENT This Assurance Statement is provided with the intention of informing all vivo s Stakeholders.
RESPONSIBILITIES The relevant information in the vivo s 2023 Sustainability Report verified in this assurance porcess is the responsibility of the management and relevant functional departments of vivo.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the data within the scope of verification with the intention to inform all vivo s stakeholders.
ASSURANCE STANDARDS, TYPE AND LEVEL OF ASSURANCE The SGS ESG & Sustainability Report Assurance protocols used to conduct assurance are based upon internationally recognised assurance guidance and standards including the principles of reporting process contained within the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards ) GRI 1 Foundation 20 21 for report quality, GRI 2 General Disclosure 2021 for organisation s reporting practices and other organizational detail, GRI 3 2021 for organisation s process of determining material topics, its list of material topics and how to manages each topic, and the guidance on levels of assurance contained within the AA1000 series of standards.
The assurance of this Specify Performance Information has been conducted according to the following Assurance Standards SGS ESG & SRA Assurance Protocols (based on GRI Principles and guidance in AA1000) Assurance has been conducted at a moderate level of scrutiny.
SCOPE OF ASSURANCE AND REPORTING CRITERIA The scope of the assurance, based on the SGS Sustainability Report Assurance methodology, included the selected 2023 sustainability development Specify Performance Information listed below.
Other data and information disclosed were not included in this assurance process.
Financial data drawn directly from independently audited financial accounts has not been checked back to source as part of this assurance process.
ASSURANCE STATEMENT Environmental Indicators Material reduction data, annual usage of biobased materials, usage of organic silicon leather, proportion of recycled glass to total glass material usage, proportion of recycled aluminum alloy materials to total aluminum alloy material usage, process utili zation rate of aluminum alloy, packaging weight reduction data, raw material transportation cardboard box recycling rate, restricted types of harmful substances, total amount of old machine recycling, total water saving in 2023, water saving in recycling p rojects, total water consumption in Chongqing Industrial Park, water consumption in Dongguan Park, total amount of hazardous waste, total amount of harmless waste, compliance disposal rate of hazardous waste, recycling and utilization rate of harmless wast e, standard discharge rate of wastewater, standard discharge rate of exhaust gas, total greenhouse gas emissions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 Energy consumption of vivo's global headquarters in 2023, year -on- year decline rate of annual energy consumption of sing le machines in global manufacturing centers, photovoltaic power generation data, carbon emission reduction quantity ASSURANCE METHODOLOGY The assurance comprised a combination of pre -assurance research, interviews with relevant employees onsite at vivo headquarters.
LIMITATIONS AND MITIGATION This assurance methodology is group verification, the original data of all subsidiaries under vivo has not been traced.
The assurance process only involved interviews with the heads of relevant departments and certain employees of headquarters as well as validation of relevant documents.
No external stakeholder involved.
Financial data drawn directly from independently audited financial accounts has not been checked back to source as part of this assurance process.
The carbon emission related data in the report is only verified through third -party verification or self accounting, and the on -site assurance of this data is only based on sampling.
STATEMENT OF INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCE The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and verification, operating in multiple countries and providing services including management systems and service certification; quality, environmental, social and ethical auditing and training; environmental, social and sustainability report assurance.
The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and qualifications for this assignment.
FINDINGS AND CONCLUSIONS ASSURANCE VERIFICATION OPINION On the basis of the methodology described and the verification work performed, the relevant information in the vivo s 2023 Sustainability Report verified in this assurance porcess is accurate, reliable and provides a fair representation of vivo sustainability activities performance in 2023.
The assurance team is of the opinion that these data can be used by the Reporting Organization s takeholders.
FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS The assurance team believes that the Report with reference to the GRI Standards 2021.
Principles Accuracy Information in the report was accurate, enable to release more qualitative and quantitative information with indicators for stakeholders.
Balance The Report followed the balance principle and truthfully disclosed the positive and negative information.
Clarity The Report was presented different ways with words, charts, graphics and pictures, also described with actual cases to ensure the stakeholders understanding easily.
Comparability The Report had disclosed performance indicators in 202 3, previous data of partial indicators were disclosed, which could help stakeholders to understand and compare the improved performance year by year.
Sustainability Context The Report included coverage of material aspects and boundaries, to reflect significant economic, environmental and social impacts and enable stakeholders to assess the organization s performance in the reporting period.
Timeliness The timeliness of sustainability report has further room for improvement.
Verifiability The data and information can be traced and verified.
General Disclosures The general disclosures were partly presented in accordance with GRI 2 general disclosures 2021.
Topic-Specific Disclosures Vivo s topic -specific disclosures related to the material topics in economic, environmental, and social areas were in accordance with GRI Standards.
Findings and recommendations Good practices and recommendations for sustainability report and management process were described in the internal management report which has been submitted to the management of vivo for continuous improvement.
star SGS Certificate for Evaluation system for after-sales service of commodity for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. IECQ QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication (Dongguan) Co., Ltd. ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. ISO IEC 27001 Information Security Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO 50001 Energy Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO 9001 Quality Management System Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. IATA's CEIV Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO IEC 17025 2017 CNAS Laboratory Accreditation Certificate for the Testing Centre of vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO IEC 17025 2017 cetecom Competency Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. T V Rheinland Laboratory Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. European Privacy Certification ePrivacySeal for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. CSA STAR Management System Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ioXt Security Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. TRUSTe Enterprise Privacy Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO IEC 27701 Privacy Information Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO IEC 27018 Protection of Personally Identifiable Information Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. vivo OriginOS received 5-star certification of Personal Information Protection Capability of Mobile Intelligent Terminal Operating System from Telecommunication Technology Labs.
Protection of Minors in Cyberspace Promoting healthier life with technology Product quality and safety Customer privacy protection Customer service Environmental management Energy management Occupational health and safety Information securityControl of hazardous substancesDear readers Thank you for reading this Report.
Name Work Unit Position Tel EmailFeedback Form for vivo Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2023 Your comments on this Report (please tick where appropriate) Very good Good Average Needs improvement Do you think this Report has highlighted the important information about vivo in terms of sustainable development?
What information you think you need to know is not reflected in the Report?
The information on certifications included in this list relates only to the topics of this report, and information on certifications not mentioned in this report is not further disclosed here.
Feedback Form Sustainability Report Appendix Community Responsibility Value Creation Green Symbiosis Technology Sharing Sustainability Governance Responsibility Message About the Report About vivo
100
